has been discovered that pooling intervals from varying locations and durations is advantageous for
activity recognition. It was demonstrated that identifying and classifying key sub-event intervals can
lead to better performance.
Recently, segment-based 3D CNNs have been employed to capture spatio-temporal data concurrently
for activity detection. These methods depend on the 3D CNN to capture temporal dynamics, which
typically span only 16 frames. Although longer-term temporal structures have been explored, this was
usually accomplished with temporal pooling of localized features or (spatio-)temporal convolutions
with extended fixed intervals. Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have also been applied to represent
transitions in activity between frames.
3 MLB-YouTube Dataset
 We also experiment with combining the super- and sub-event representations
to form a three-level hierarchy for event representation.
6 Experiments
6.1 Implementation Details
For our base per-segment CNN, we utilize the I3D network, pre-trained on the ImageNet and Kinetics
datasets. I3D has achieved state-of-the-art performance on segmented video tasks, providing a reliable
feature representation. We also employ a two-stream version of InceptionV3, pre-trained on Imagenet
and Kinetics, as our base per-frame CNN for comparison. InceptionV3 was chosen for its depth
compared to previous two-stream CNNs. Frames were extracted at 25 fps, and TVL1 optical flow
 The improvement is more significant in the 4m-HC and 4m-PD validations, when the training data are limited, with an
average improvement of almost 9% for the F1-score over the alternative to the state-of-the-art model.
The LOO-HC and LOO-PD validations show that a model that has the ability to capture the temporal dynamics across time steps will
perform better than a standard baseline technique such as a Random Forest. The modified transformer encoder and the state-of-the-art
model perform better in those two validations due to their ability to capture asynchronous relations across modalities. However,
