large groups, it is important to determine whether the individual inputs were made independently. If
not, factors like group psychology and the influence of persuasive arguments can skew individual
judgments, thus negating the positive effects of crowd wisdom.
This paper focuses on forecasts concerning questions spanning political, economic, and social
domains. Each forecast includes a prediction, estimating the probability of a particular event, and
a written justification that explains the reasoning behind the prediction. Forecasts with identical
predictions can have justifications of varying strength, which, in turn, affects the perceived reliability
of the predictions. For instance, a justification that simply refers to an external source without
Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.their predictions on events that might not occur or have not yet occurred. The sentiment polarity of
3
the justifications is generally neutral. In terms of readability, both the Flesch and Dale-Chall scores
suggest that approximately a quarter of the justifications require a college-level education for full
comprehension.
Regarding verbs and nouns, an analysis using WordNet lexical files reveals that the most common
verb classes are "change" (e.g., "happen," "remain," "increase"), "social" (e.g., "vote," "support,"
"help"), "cognition" (e.g., "think," "believe," "know"), and "motion" (e.g.