Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.large groups, it is important to determine whether the individual inputs were made independently. If
not, factors like group psychology and the influence of persuasive arguments can skew individual
judgments, thus negating the positive effects of crowd wisdom.
This paper focuses on forecasts concerning questions spanning political, economic, and social
domains. Each forecast includes a prediction, estimating the probability of a particular event, and
a written justification that explains the reasoning behind the prediction. Forecasts with identical
predictions can have justifications of varying strength, which, in turn, affects the perceived reliability
of the predictions. For instance, a justification that simply refers to an external source without
industries as it enables them to anticipate and address potential challenges. This study focuses on
questions spanning the political, economic, and social domains, utilizing forecasts submitted by a
crowd of individuals without specialized training. Each forecast comprises a prediction and a natural
language justification.
6
The research demonstrates that aggregating the weighted predictions of forecasters is a solid baseline
for calling a question throughout its duration. However, models that incorporate both the question
and the justifications achieve significantly better results, particularly during the first three quartiles of
a question’s life. Importantly, the models developed in this study do not profile individual forecasters
or utilize any information about their identities. This work lays the groundwork for evaluating the
