Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.large groups, it is important to determine whether the individual inputs were made independently. If
not, factors like group psychology and the influence of persuasive arguments can skew individual
judgments, thus negating the positive effects of crowd wisdom.
This paper focuses on forecasts concerning questions spanning political, economic, and social
domains. Each forecast includes a prediction, estimating the probability of a particular event, and
a written justification that explains the reasoning behind the prediction. Forecasts with identical
predictions can have justifications of varying strength, which, in turn, affects the perceived reliability
of the predictions. For instance, a justification that simply refers to an external source without
However, none of these prior works have specifically aimed to call questions throughout their entire
duration.
2
3 Dataset
The research utilizes data from the Good Judgment Open, a platform where questions are posted, and
individuals submit their forecasts. The questions primarily revolve around geopolitics, encompassing
areas such as domestic and international politics, the economy, and social matters. For this study, all
binary questions were collected, along with their associated forecasts, each comprising a prediction
and a justification. In total, the dataset contains 441 questions and 96,664 forecasts submitted
over 32,708 days. This dataset significantly expands upon previous research, nearly doubling the
number of forecasts analyzed.