large groups, it is important to determine whether the individual inputs were made independently. If
not, factors like group psychology and the influence of persuasive arguments can skew individual
judgments, thus negating the positive effects of crowd wisdom.
This paper focuses on forecasts concerning questions spanning political, economic, and social
domains. Each forecast includes a prediction, estimating the probability of a particular event, and
a written justification that explains the reasoning behind the prediction. Forecasts with identical
predictions can have justifications of varying strength, which, in turn, affects the perceived reliability
of the predictions. For instance, a justification that simply refers to an external source without
reveals three primary themes: elections (including terms like "voting," "winners," and "candidate"),
government actions (including terms like "negotiations," "announcements," "meetings," and "passing
(a law)"), and wars and violent crimes (including terms like "groups," "killing," "civilian (casualties),"
and "arms"). Although not explicitly represented in the LDA topics, the questions address both
domestic and international events within these broad themes.
Table 2: Analysis of the 96,664 written justifications submitted by forecasters in our dataset. The
readability scores indicate that most justifications are easily understood by high school students (11th
and have analyzed the traits that contribute to their success. These studies aim to identify and cultivate
superforecasters but do not incorporate the written justifications accompanying forecasts. In contrast,
the present research develops models to call questions without using any information about the
forecasters themselves. Within the field of computational linguistics, researchers have evaluated the
language used in high-quality justifications, focusing on aspects like rating, benefit, and influence.
Other researchers have developed models to predict forecaster skill using the textual justifications
from specific datasets, such as the Good Judgment Open data, and have also applied these models
to predict the accuracy of individual forecasts in other contexts, such as company earnings reports.
