highly skewed dataset, compared to a robust single-task learning baseline. 2. Although our research
concentrates on TL and MTL, we present, to our knowledge, the first experimental results on the
relatively recent dataset from Fares (2016).
2 Related Work
Approaches to interpreting noun-noun compounds differ based on the classification of compound
relations, as well as the machine learning models and features employed to learn these relations. For
instance, some define a broad set of relations, while others employ a more detailed classification.
Some researchers challenge the idea that noun-noun compounds can be interpreted using a fixed,
predetermined set of relations, proposing alternative methods based on paraphrasing. We center
 Besides differing in the NLP tasks they investigate, the aforementioned
studies employ slightly varied definitions of TL and MTL. Our research aligns with certain studies in
that we apply TL and MTL to learn different semantic annotations of noun-noun compounds using
the same dataset. However, our experimental design is more akin to other work in that we experiment
with initializing parameters across all layers of the neural network and concurrently train a single
MTL model on two sets of relations.
3 Task Definition and Dataset
The objective of this task is to train a model to categorize the semantic relationships between pairs
of nouns in a labeled dataset, where each pair forms a noun-noun compound. The complexity of
PCEDT have distinctly high ratios compared to other relations in Figure 2. These relations also
have the second-highest F1 score in their datasets—except for STL on PCEDT (see Tables 4 and
5). Lexical memorization is therefore a likely cause of these high F1 scores. We also observed that
lower ratios of relation-specific constituents correlate with lower F1 scores, such as APP and REG in
PCEDT. Based on these insights, we can’t dismiss the possibility that our models show some degree
of lexical memorization, despite manual analysis also presenting cases where models demonstrate
generalization and correct predictions in situations where lexical memorization is impossible.
8 Conclusion
