Broader Impact
Supervised machine learning now affects both personal and public lives significantly. Generalization is
critical to the reliability and safety of empirically trained models. Our analysis aims to achieve a deeper
understanding of the relationships between generalization, architectural design, and available data.
We have discussed the concepts and demonstrated the effectiveness of using uniform concentration
events for generalization guarantees of common supervised machine learning algorithms.
7
 This confirms the importance of re-weighting popular items in contrastive learning for mitigating popularity
bias. Finally, PAAC consistently outperforms the three variants, demonstrating the effectiveness of combining supervised alignment
and re-weighting contrastive learning. Based on the above analysis, we conclude that leveraging supervisory signals from popular
item representations can better optimize representations for unpopular items, and re-weighting contrastive learning allows the model
to focus on more informative or critical samples, thereby improving overall performance. All the proposed modules significantly
contribute to alleviating popularity bias.
Table 2: Ablation study of PAAC, highlighting the best-performing model on each dataset and metrics in bold. Specifically,
would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
