reveals three primary themes: elections (including terms like "voting," "winners," and "candidate"),
government actions (including terms like "negotiations," "announcements," "meetings," and "passing
(a law)"), and wars and violent crimes (including terms like "groups," "killing," "civilian (casualties),"
and "arms"). Although not explicitly represented in the LDA topics, the questions address both
domestic and international events within these broad themes.
Table 2: Analysis of the 96,664 written justifications submitted by forecasters in our dataset. The
readability scores indicate that most justifications are easily understood by high school students (11th
PCEDT have distinctly high ratios compared to other relations in Figure 2. These relations also
have the second-highest F1 score in their datasets—except for STL on PCEDT (see Tables 4 and
5). Lexical memorization is therefore a likely cause of these high F1 scores. We also observed that
lower ratios of relation-specific constituents correlate with lower F1 scores, such as APP and REG in
PCEDT. Based on these insights, we can’t dismiss the possibility that our models show some degree
of lexical memorization, despite manual analysis also presenting cases where models demonstrate
generalization and correct predictions in situations where lexical memorization is impossible.
8 Conclusion
Table 4 presents the results for selected models based on question difficulty. The weighted vote
baseline demonstrates superior performance for 75
5 Qualitative Analysis
This section provides insights into the factors that make questions more difficult to forecast and
examines the characteristics of justifications associated with incorrect and correct predictions.
**Questions** An analysis of the 88 questions in the test set revealed that questions called incorrectly
on at least one day by the best model tend to have a shorter duration (69.4 days vs. 81.7 days) and a
higher number of active forecasts per day (31.0 vs. 26.7). This suggests that the model’s errors align
with the questions that forecasters also find challenging.
