 These models may be required
to satisfy specific input-output specifications to ensure the algorithms comply with physical laws,
can be executed safely, and are consistent with prior domain knowledge. Furthermore, these models
should demonstrate adversarial robustness, meaning their outputs should not change abruptly within
small input regions – a property that neural networks often fail to satisfy.
Recent studies have shown the capacity to verify formally input-output specifications and adversarial
robustness properties of neural networks. For instance, the Satisability Modulo Theory (SMT) solver
Reluplex was employed to verify properties of networks being used in the Next-Generation Aircraft
Collision Avoidance System for Unmanned aircraft (ACAS Xu).function is smooth.
3 Application to Aircraft Collision Avoidance
Aircraft collision avoidance requires robust safety guarantees. The Next-Generation Collision
Avoidance System (ACAS X), which issues advisories to prevent near mid-air collisions, has both
manned (ACAS Xa) and unmanned (ACAS Xu) variants. The system was originally designed to
choose optimal advisories while minimizing disruptive alerts by solving a partially observable Markov
decision process. The solution took the form of a large look-up table, mapping each possible input
combination to scores for all possible advisories. The advisory with the highest score would then be
issued.Appendix C: Details of VerticalCAS Experiment
C.1 Safeability Constraints
The "safeability" property, originally introduced and used to verify the safety of the VerticalCAS
neural networks can be encoded into a set of input-output constraints. The "safeable region" for
a given advisory represents input locations where that advisory can be selected such that future
advisories exist that will prevent an NMAC. If no future advisories exist, the advisory is "unsafeable"
and the corresponding input region is the "unsafeable region". Examples of these regions, and their
proximity functions are shown in Figure 5 for the CL1500 advisory.
