relation ARG1, which is the most common in NomBank. Regarding the unseen right constituents,
MTLE’s 24 improved compounds consist of 18 ARG1, 5 ARG0, and 1 ARG2 compounds. A
similar pattern arises when examining TLE model improvements, where most gains come from better
predictions of ARG1 and ARG0 relations.
A large portion of unseen compounds, whether partly or entirely unseen, that were misclassified by
every model, were not of type ARG1 in NomBank, or RSTR in PCEDT. This pattern, along with
correctly predicted unseen compounds primarily annotated with the most common relations, suggests
that classification models rely on lexical memorization to learn the compound relation interpretation.
Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.their predictions on events that might not occur or have not yet occurred. The sentiment polarity of
3
the justifications is generally neutral. In terms of readability, both the Flesch and Dale-Chall scores
suggest that approximately a quarter of the justifications require a college-level education for full
comprehension.
Regarding verbs and nouns, an analysis using WordNet lexical files reveals that the most common
verb classes are "change" (e.g., "happen," "remain," "increase"), "social" (e.g., "vote," "support,"
"help"), "cognition" (e.g., "think," "believe," "know"), and "motion" (e.g.