intra-group uniformity and considering the impact of different popularity levels in the training. We prefer to push away items
within the same group to optimize uniformity. This setup helps prevent over-optimizing the uniformity of different groups, thereby
mitigating representation separation.
The final re-weighting contrastive objective is the weighted sum of the user objective and the item objective:
LCL=1
2×(LCL
item+LCL
user). (6)
In this way, we not only achieved consistency in representation but also reduced the risk of further separating items with similar
characteristics into different representation spaces, thereby alleviating the issue of representation separation caused by popularity
bias.
2.3 Model Optimization
A key reason for utilizing multi-task learning is to enhance generalization by making use of the
domain-specific details present in the training data of related tasks. In this study, we demonstrate that
TL and MTL can serve as a form of regularization, enabling the prediction of infrequent relations
within a dataset marked by a highly skewed distribution of relations. This dataset is particularly
well-suited for TL and MTL experimentation, as elaborated in Section 3.
Our contributions are summarized as follows:
1. Through meticulous analysis of results, we discover that TL and MTL, especially when applied
to the embedding layer, enhance overall accuracy and F1 scores for less frequent relations in a
layer for the constrained predictors, G0andG1. Training uses a sampled subset of points from
the input space. Figure 3 shows an example of applying our safe predictor to a notional regression
problem with a 2-D input and 1-D output, using two overlapping constraints. The unconstrained
network has two hidden layers of dimension 20 and ReLU activations, followed by a fully connected
layer. The constrained predictors, G00,G10,G01, and G11, share the hidden layers but also have an
additional hidden layer of size 20 with ReLU, followed by a fully connected layer. Training uses a
sampled subset of points from the input space.
