•Regarding the baselines for mitigating popularity bias, the improvement of some is relatively limited compared to the
backbone model (LightGCN) and even performs worse in some cases. This may be because some are specifically designed
for traditional data-splitting scenarios, where the test set still follows a long-tail distribution, leading to poor generalization.
Some mitigate popularity bias by excluding item popularity information. Others use invariant learning to remove popularity
information at the representation level, generally performing better than the formers. This shows the importance of
addressing popularity bias at the representation level. Some outperform the other baselines, emphasizing the necessary to
improve item representation consistency for mitigating popularity bias.
sample, there will be a corresponding demographic feature data sample that is used to train a different binary classifier to predict
whether a person with PD is ON or OFF medications.
**Ethical approval:** Full approval from the NHS Wales Research Ethics Committee was granted on December 17, 2019, and
Health Research Authority and Health and Care Research Wales approval was confirmed on January 14, 2020; the research was
3
conducted in accord with the Helsinki Declaration of 1975; written informed consent was gained from all study participants. In
order to protect participant privacy, supporting data is not shared openly. It will be made available to bona fide researchers subject to
a data access agreement.
4 Methodologies and Framework
•Different metrics across various datasets show varying improvements in model performance. This suggests that different
debiasing methods may need distinct optimization strategies for models. Additionally, we observe varying effects of PAAC
across different datasets. This difference could be due to the sparser nature of the Gowalla dataset. Conversely, our model
can directly provide supervisory signals for unpopular items and conduct intra-group optimization, consistently maintaining
optimal performance across all metrics on the three datasets.
3.3 Ablation Study
To better understand the effectiveness of each component in PAAC, we conduct ablation studies on three datasets. Table 2 presents a
comparison between PAAC and its variants on recommendation performance.