•Regarding the baselines for mitigating popularity bias, the improvement of some is relatively limited compared to the
backbone model (LightGCN) and even performs worse in some cases. This may be because some are specifically designed
for traditional data-splitting scenarios, where the test set still follows a long-tail distribution, leading to poor generalization.
Some mitigate popularity bias by excluding item popularity information. Others use invariant learning to remove popularity
information at the representation level, generally performing better than the formers. This shows the importance of
addressing popularity bias at the representation level. Some outperform the other baselines, emphasizing the necessary to
improve item representation consistency for mitigating popularity bias.
preferences for recommendations.
3 Experiments
In this section, we assess the efficacy of PAAC through comprehensive experiments, aiming to address the following research
questions:
• How does PAAC compare to existing debiasing methods?
• How do different designed components play roles in our proposed PAAC?
3
• How does PAAC alleviate the popularity bias?
• How do different hyper-parameters affect the PAAC recommendation performance?
3.1 Experiments Settings
3.1.1 Datasets
In our experiments, we use three widely public datasets: Amazon-book, Yelp2018, and Gowalla. We retained users and items with a
minimum of 10 interactions.
3.1.2 Baselines and Evaluation Metrics
the full ranking strategy, considering all non-interacted items as candidate items to avoid selection bias during the test stage. We
repeated each experiment five times with different random seeds and reported the average scores.
3.2 Overall Performance
As shown in Table 1, we compare our model with several baselines across three datasets. The best performance for each metric
is highlighted in bold, while the second best is underlined. Our model consistently outperforms all compared methods across all
metrics in every dataset.
•Our proposed model PAAC consistently outperforms all baselines and significantly mitigates the popularity bias. Specif-
ically, PAAC enhances LightGCN, achieving improvements of 282.65%, 180.