PCEDT have distinctly high ratios compared to other relations in Figure 2. These relations also
have the second-highest F1 score in their datasets—except for STL on PCEDT (see Tables 4 and
5). Lexical memorization is therefore a likely cause of these high F1 scores. We also observed that
lower ratios of relation-specific constituents correlate with lower F1 scores, such as APP and REG in
PCEDT. Based on these insights, we can’t dismiss the possibility that our models show some degree
of lexical memorization, despite manual analysis also presenting cases where models demonstrate
generalization and correct predictions in situations where lexical memorization is impossible.
8 Conclusion
The application of transfer and multi-task learning in natural language processing has gained sig-
nificant traction, yet considerable ambiguity persists regarding the effectiveness of particular task
characteristics and experimental setups. This research endeavors to clarify the benefits of TL and
MTL in the context of semantic interpretation of noun-noun compounds. By executing a sequence of
minimally contrasting experiments and conducting thorough analysis of results and prediction errors,
we demonstrate how both TL and MTL can mitigate the effects of class imbalance and drastically
enhance predictions for low-frequency relations. Overall, our TL, and particularly our MTL models,
are better at making predictions both quantitatively and qualitatively. Notably, the improvements are
 However, since
these improvements are relatively minor, we further analyze the results to understand if and how TL
and MTL are beneficial.
7 Results Analysis
This section provides a detailed analysis of the models’ performance, drawing on insights from the
dataset and the classification errors made by the models. The discussion in the following sections is
primarily based on the results from the test split, as it is larger than the development split.
7.1 Relation Distribution
To illustrate the complexity of the task, we depict the distribution of the most frequent relations in
NomBank and PCEDT across the three data splits in Figure 1. Notably, approximately 71.18% of the
