research suggests that gains in noun-noun compound interpretation using word embeddings and
similar neural classification models might be due to lexical memorization. In other words, the models
learn that specific nouns are strong indicators of specific relations. To assess the role of lexical
memorization in our models, we quantify the number of unseen compounds that the STL, TL, and
MTL models predict correctly.
We differentiate between ’partly’ and ’completely’ unseen compounds. A compound is ’partly’
unseen if one of its constituents (left or right) is not present in the training data. A ’completely’
unseen compound is one where neither the left nor the right constituent appears in the training data.
improve its F1 scores for less common yet more challenging semantic relations.
1 Introduction
Noun-noun compound interpretation involves determining the semantic connection between two
nouns (or noun phrases in multi-word compounds). For instance, in the compound "street protest,"
the task is to identify the semantic relationship between "street" and "protest," which is a locative
relation in this example. Given the prevalence of noun-noun compounds in natural language and its
significance to other natural language processing (NLP) tasks like question answering and information
retrieval, understanding noun-noun compounds has been extensively studied in theoretical linguistics,
psycholinguistics, and computational linguistics.
In computational linguistics, noun-noun compound interpretation is typically treated as an automatic
classification task. Various machine learning (ML) algorithms and models, such as Maximum
Entropy, Support Vector Machines, and Neural Networks, have been employed to decipher the
semantics of nominal compounds. These models utilize information from lexical semantics, like
WordNet-based features, and distributional semantics, such as word embeddings. However, noun-
noun compound interpretation remains a challenging NLP problem due to the high productivity
of noun-noun compounding as a linguistic structure and the difficulty in deriving the semantics of
noun-noun compounds from their constituents. Our research contributes to advancing NLP research
