• a standard neural network architecture gb:X→Rm,
and then defining Gb(x;θb) =hb(gb(x;θb)).
The framework proposed here does not require an entirely separate network for each b. In many
applications, it may be advantageous for the constrained predictors to share earlier layers, thus
creating a shared representation of the input space. In addition, our definition of the safe predictor is
general and is not limited to neural networks.
In Appendix B, we show examples of applying our approach to synthetic datasets in 2-D and 3-D
with simple neural networks. These examples show that our safe predictor can enforce arbitrary
input-output specifications using convex output constraints on neural networks, and that the learned
A key reason for utilizing multi-task learning is to enhance generalization by making use of the
domain-specific details present in the training data of related tasks. In this study, we demonstrate that
TL and MTL can serve as a form of regularization, enabling the prediction of infrequent relations
within a dataset marked by a highly skewed distribution of relations. This dataset is particularly
well-suited for TL and MTL experimentation, as elaborated in Section 3.
Our contributions are summarized as follows:
1. Through meticulous analysis of results, we discover that TL and MTL, especially when applied
to the embedding layer, enhance overall accuracy and F1 scores for less frequent relations in a
would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
