Here, Σiis a set of parameters σ1∈(0,∞)andσ2∈(1,∞), which can be specified based on
engineering judgment, or learned using optimization over training data. In our experiments in
this paper, we use proximity functions of this form and learn independent parameters for each
input-constrained region. We plan to explore other choices for proximity functions in future work.
2
2.2 Learning
If we have families of differentiable functions Gb(x;θb), continuously parameterized by θb, and
 Furthermore, we introduce a modified
version of EG that incorporates an adaptive step size, eliminating the need for prior knowledge of the problem’s
specific parameters.
1 Introduction
The recent advancements in machine learning models, particularly those that can be formulated as min-max optimization problems,
have generated significant interest in saddle point problems. Examples of these models include generative adversarial networks,
adversarial learning frameworks, adversarial example games, and actor-critic methods. While practical methods have been developed
that generally perform well, the theoretical understanding of scenarios where the objective function is nonconvex in the minimization
component and nonconcave in the maximization component remains limited, with some research even suggesting intractability in
certain cases.
is equal to the support of the learned distribution, and generalizes the bound to all f-divergences. Assuming L2 accurate score
estimation, some establish Wasserstein distance upper bounds under weaker assumptions on the data-generating distribution, but
their Wasserstein-based bounds are not quantitative. Quantitative Wasserstein distance upper bounds under the manifold hypothesis
have been derived, but these bounds exhibit exponential dependencies on some of the problem parameters.
1.2 Our contributions
In this study, strong assumptions about the data-generating distribution are avoided, and a quantitative upper bound on the Wasserstein
distance is established without exponential dependencies on problem parameters, including the ambient space dimension. Moreover,
