Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation. Prior research includes
both predictive models (using language samples to predict attributes about the author) and models
that provide valuable insights (using language samples and author attributes to identify differentiating
linguistic features). Previous studies have examined factors such as gender and age, political ideology,
health outcomes, and personality traits. In this paper, models are constructed to predict outcomes
based on crowd-sourced forecasts without knowledge of individual forecasters’ identities.
Previous research has also explored how language use varies depending on the relationships between
individuals. For instance, studies have analyzed language patterns in social networks, online commu-
nities, and corporate emails to understand how individuals in positions of authority communicate.
50% on the Gowalla and Yelp2018 datasets, respectively.
This indicates that our method treats items from different groups fairly, effectively alleviating the impact of popularity
bias. This success can be attributed to our re-weighted contrast module, which addresses representation separation from a
popularity-centric perspective, resulting in more consistent recommendation results across different groups.
3.5 Hyperparameter Sensitivities
In this section, we analyze the impact of hyperparameters in PAAC. Firstly, we investigate the influence of λ1andλ2, which
respectively control the impact of the popularity-aware supervised alignment and re-weighting contrast loss. Additionally, in the
