 Conversely, SGMs
employ score-matching methods to approximate the score function of the data-generating distribution, subsequently generating new
samples through Langevin dynamics. Recognizing that real-world distributions might lack a defined score function, adding varying
noise levels to training samples to encompass the entire instance space and training a neural network to concurrently learn the score
function for all noise levels has been proposed.
Although DDPMs and SGMs may initially seem distinct, it has been demonstrated that DDPMs implicitly approximate the score
function, with the sampling process resembling Langevin dynamics. Moreover, a unified perspective of both methods using stochastic
differential equations (SDEs) has been derived.but the label sets are distinct.
For clarity, we differentiate between transfer learning and multi-task learning in this paper, despite
these terms sometimes being used interchangeably in the literature. We define TL as the utilization of
parameters from a model trained on Ta to initialize another model for Tb. In contrast, MTL involves
training parts of the same model to learn both Ta and Tb, essentially learning one set of parameters
for both tasks. The concept is to train a single model simultaneously on both tasks, where one task
introduces an inductive bias that aids the model in generalizing over the main task. It is important to
smartphone IMU sensor data and Wi-Fi-received signal strength indication (RSSI) measurements to estimate the exact location (in
Euclidean position X, Y) of a person in indoor environments. The proposed sensor fusion framework uses location fingerprinting in
combination with a pedestrian dead reckoning (PDR) algorithm to reduce positioning errors.
Looking at this multi-modality classification/regression problem from a time series perspective, there has been a lot of exploration
in tackling a problem where each modality can be categorized as multivariate time series data. LSTM and attention layers are
often used in parallel to directly transform raw multivariate time series data into a low-dimensional feature representation for each
modality.