 - A modified transformer
encoder in combination with a CRF layer representing a model with the capability to capture global dependency and enforce
dependencies in temporal aspects. - A state-of-the-art model for multimodal and multivariate time series with a transformer encoder
to learn asymmetric correlations across modalities. - An alternative to the previous model, representing it with a GRN layer replacing
the context aggregation layer and a CRF layer added as the last layer. - MDCSA1,4,7 4APS, as an ablation study, with our proposed
network (i.e.three elements: (a) a binary flag indicating whether the forecast was submitted on the day the question
is being called or on a previous day, (b) the prediction itself (a numerical value between 0.0 and 1.0),
and (c) a representation of the justification. The representation of the justification is also obtained
using BERT, followed by a fully connected layer with 256 neurons, ReLU activation, and dropout.
The LSTM has a hidden state with a dimensionality of 256 and processes the sequence of forecasts
as its input. During the tuning process, it was discovered that providing the representation of the
question alongside each forecast is more effective than processing forecasts independently of the
question.noisy estimate of the distance from the wearable to the access point. RSSI signals are not stable; they fluctuate randomly due to
shadowing, fading, and multi-path effects. However, many techniques have been proposed in recent years to tackle these fluctuations
and indirectly improve localization accuracy. Some works utilize deep neural networks (DNN) to generate coarse positioning
estimates from RSSI signals, which are then refined by a hidden Markov model (HMM) to produce a final location estimate. Other
works try to utilize a time series of RSSI data and exploit the temporal connections within each access point to estimate room-level
position. A CNN is used to build localization models to further leverage the temporal dependencies across time-series readings.
