applicability.
•Complex backgrounds and objects: The method has not been tested in environments with
complex backgrounds or highly intricate food objects.
•Capturing complexities: The method has not been evaluated under different capturing
complexities, such as varying distances and camera speeds.
•Pipeline complexity: For one-shot neural rendering, the team currently uses One-2-3-45.
They aim to use only the 2D diffusion model, Zero123, to reduce complexity and improve
efficiency.
6
Table 3: Quantitative Comparison with Ground Truth Using Chamfer Distance
L Id Team’s V ol. GT V ol. Ch. w/ t.m Ch. w/o t.m
1 40.06 38.• a standard neural network architecture gb:X→Rm,
and then defining Gb(x;θb) =hb(gb(x;θb)).
The framework proposed here does not require an entirely separate network for each b. In many
applications, it may be advantageous for the constrained predictors to share earlier layers, thus
creating a shared representation of the input space. In addition, our definition of the safe predictor is
general and is not limited to neural networks.
In Appendix B, we show examples of applying our approach to synthetic datasets in 2-D and 3-D
with simple neural networks. These examples show that our safe predictor can enforce arbitrary
input-output specifications using convex output constraints on neural networks, and that the learned
Safe Predictors for Input-Output Specification
Enforcement
Abstract
This paper presents an approach for designing neural networks, along with other
machine learning models, which adhere to a collection of input-output specifica-
tions. Our method involves the construction of a constrained predictor for each set
of compatible constraints, and combining these predictors in a safe manner using a
convex combination of their predictions. We demonstrate the applicability of this
method with synthetic datasets and on an aircraft collision avoidance problem.
1 Introduction
The increasing adoption of machine learning models, such as neural networks, in safety-critical
applications, such as autonomous vehicles and aircraft collision avoidance, highlights an urgent
need for the development of guarantees on safety and robustness.