but the label sets are distinct.
For clarity, we differentiate between transfer learning and multi-task learning in this paper, despite
these terms sometimes being used interchangeably in the literature. We define TL as the utilization of
parameters from a model trained on Ta to initialize another model for Tb. In contrast, MTL involves
training parts of the same model to learn both Ta and Tb, essentially learning one set of parameters
for both tasks. The concept is to train a single model simultaneously on both tasks, where one task
introduces an inductive bias that aids the model in generalizing over the main task. It is important to
and MTL models are trained using the same hyperparameters as the STL model.
5.2 Transfer Learning Models
In our experiments, transfer learning involves training an STL model on PCEDT relations and then
using some of its weights to initialize another model for NomBank relations. Given the neural
classifier architecture detailed in Section 5.1, we identify three ways to implement TL: 1) TLE:
Transferring the embedding layer weights, 2) TLH: Transferring the hidden layer weights, and 3)
TLEH: Transferring both the embedding and hidden layer weights. Furthermore, we differentiate
between transfer learning from PCEDT to NomBank and vice versa. This results in six setups,
Generalization in ReLU Networks via Restricted
Isometry and Norm Concentration
Abstract
Regression tasks, while aiming to model relationships across the entire input space,
are often constrained by limited training data. Nevertheless, if the hypothesis func-
tions can be represented effectively by the data, there is potential for identifying a
model that generalizes well. This paper introduces the Neural Restricted Isometry
Property (NeuRIPs), which acts as a uniform concentration event that ensures all
shallow ReLU networks are sketched with comparable quality. To determine the
sample complexity necessary to achieve NeuRIPs, we bound the covering numbers
of the networks using the Sub-Gaussian metric and apply chaining techniques. As-
