but the label sets are distinct.
For clarity, we differentiate between transfer learning and multi-task learning in this paper, despite
these terms sometimes being used interchangeably in the literature. We define TL as the utilization of
parameters from a model trained on Ta to initialize another model for Tb. In contrast, MTL involves
training parts of the same model to learn both Ta and Tb, essentially learning one set of parameters
for both tasks. The concept is to train a single model simultaneously on both tasks, where one task
introduces an inductive bias that aids the model in generalizing over the main task. It is important to
Table 9 shows that Transfer Learning (TL) and Multi-Task Learning (MTL) approaches reduce
generalization error in NomBank across all scenarios, with the exception of TLH and TLEH for
completely unseen compounds, where error increases. The greatest error reductions are achieved
by MTL models across all three types of unseen compounds. Specifically, MTLE reduces the error
by approximately six points for compounds with unseen right constituents and by eleven points for
fully unseen compounds. Moreover, MTLF reduces the error by five points when the left constituent
is unseen. It’s important to interpret these results in conjunction with the Count row in Table 9 for
a comprehensive view.assumptions about the data distribution or the learned score function, and with simple proofs that do not need the SDE toolkit.
Furthermore, the bounds presented here do not involve any complex discretization steps, as the forward and backward processes are
considered discrete-time from the beginning, rather than being viewed as discretizations of continuous-time processes.
1.1 Related Works
There has been an increasing amount of research aimed at providing theoretical findings on the convergence of SGMs. However,
these studies frequently depend on restrictive assumptions regarding the data-generating distribution, produce non-quantitative upper
bounds, or exhibit exponential dependencies on certain parameters. This work successfully circumvents all three of these limitations.
