sequential processing of video features, whereas other methods can be fully parallelized.
Table 3: Additional parameters required for models when added to the base model (e.g., I3D or
Inception V3).
Model # Parameters
Max/Mean Pooling 16K
Pyramid Pooling 115K
LSTM 10.5M
Temporal Conv 31.5M
Sub-events 36K
Table 4: Mean Average Precision (mAP) results on segmented videos for multi-label classification.
Learning sub-intervals for pooling is found to be crucial for activity recognition.
Method RGB Flow Two-stream
Random 16.3 16.3 16.3
the specifications until after training. Our work seeks to design networks with enforced input-output
constraints even before training has been completed. This will allow for online learning scenarios
where a system has to guarantee safety throughout its operation.
This paper presents an approach for designing a safe predictor (a neural network or any other
machine learning model) that will always meet a set of constraints on the input-output relationship.
This assumes that the constrained output regions can be formulated to be convex. Our correct-
by-construction safe predictor is guaranteed to satisfy the constraints, even before training, and at
every training step. We describe our approach in Section 2, and show its use in an aircraft collision
avoidance problem in Section 3.• a standard neural network architecture gb:X→Rm,
and then defining Gb(x;θb) =hb(gb(x;θb)).
The framework proposed here does not require an entirely separate network for each b. In many
applications, it may be advantageous for the constrained predictors to share earlier layers, thus
creating a shared representation of the input space. In addition, our definition of the safe predictor is
general and is not limited to neural networks.
In Appendix B, we show examples of applying our approach to synthetic datasets in 2-D and 3-D
with simple neural networks. These examples show that our safe predictor can enforce arbitrary
input-output specifications using convex output constraints on neural networks, and that the learned
