but the label sets are distinct.
For clarity, we differentiate between transfer learning and multi-task learning in this paper, despite
these terms sometimes being used interchangeably in the literature. We define TL as the utilization of
parameters from a model trained on Ta to initialize another model for Tb. In contrast, MTL involves
training parts of the same model to learn both Ta and Tb, essentially learning one set of parameters
for both tasks. The concept is to train a single model simultaneously on both tasks, where one task
introduces an inductive bias that aids the model in generalizing over the main task. It is important to
When used to produce proximity functions as given in Equation 1, these values help ensure safety.
Figure 5 shows examples of the unsafeable region, distance function, and proximity function for the
CL1500 advisory.
C.3 Structure of Predictors
The compressed versions of the policy tables from prior work are neural networks with six hidden
layers, 45 dimensions in each layer, and ReLU activation functions. We use the same architecture
for our standard, unconstrained network. For constrained predictors, we use a similar architecture.
However, the first four hidden layers are shared between all of the predictors. This learns a single,
shared input space representation, and also allows each predictor to adapt to its constraints. Each
the specifications until after training. Our work seeks to design networks with enforced input-output
constraints even before training has been completed. This will allow for online learning scenarios
where a system has to guarantee safety throughout its operation.
This paper presents an approach for designing a safe predictor (a neural network or any other
machine learning model) that will always meet a set of constraints on the input-output relationship.
This assumes that the constrained output regions can be formulated to be convex. Our correct-
by-construction safe predictor is guaranteed to satisfy the constraints, even before training, and at
every training step. We describe our approach in Section 2, and show its use in an aircraft collision
avoidance problem in Section 3.