 "go," "come," "leave").
The most frequent noun classes are "act" (e.g., "election," "support," "deal"), "communication" (e.g.,
"questions," "forecast," "news"), "cognition" (e.g., "point," "issue," "possibility"), and "group" (e.g.,
"government," "people," "party").
4 Experiments and Results
Experiments are conducted to address the challenge of accurately calling a question throughout
its duration. The input consists of the question itself and the associated forecasts (predictions and
justifications), while the output is an aggregated answer to the question derived from all forecasts.
The application of transfer and multi-task learning in natural language processing has gained sig-
nificant traction, yet considerable ambiguity persists regarding the effectiveness of particular task
characteristics and experimental setups. This research endeavors to clarify the benefits of TL and
MTL in the context of semantic interpretation of noun-noun compounds. By executing a sequence of
minimally contrasting experiments and conducting thorough analysis of results and prediction errors,
we demonstrate how both TL and MTL can mitigate the effects of class imbalance and drastically
enhance predictions for low-frequency relations. Overall, our TL, and particularly our MTL models,
are better at making predictions both quantitatively and qualitatively. Notably, the improvements are
would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
