Safe Predictors for Input-Output Specification
Enforcement
Abstract
This paper presents an approach for designing neural networks, along with other
machine learning models, which adhere to a collection of input-output specifica-
tions. Our method involves the construction of a constrained predictor for each set
of compatible constraints, and combining these predictors in a safe manner using a
convex combination of their predictions. We demonstrate the applicability of this
method with synthetic datasets and on an aircraft collision avoidance problem.
1 Introduction
The increasing adoption of machine learning models, such as neural networks, in safety-critical
applications, such as autonomous vehicles and aircraft collision avoidance, highlights an urgent
need for the development of guarantees on safety and robustness. The improvement is more significant in the 4m-HC and 4m-PD validations, when the training data are limited, with an
average improvement of almost 9% for the F1-score over the alternative to the state-of-the-art model.
The LOO-HC and LOO-PD validations show that a model that has the ability to capture the temporal dynamics across time steps will
perform better than a standard baseline technique such as a Random Forest. The modified transformer encoder and the state-of-the-art
model perform better in those two validations due to their ability to capture asynchronous relations across modalities. However,
 LSTMs performed worse than the
baseline, likely due to overfitting, whereas learning sub-events proved beneficial. Fastballs were the
easiest to detect (68% accuracy), followed by sliders (45%), while sinkers were the most difficult
(12%).
6.3 Continuous Video Activity Detection
We evaluate models extended for continuous videos using per-frame mean average precision (mAP),
with results shown in Table 8. This setting is more challenging than segmented videos, requiring
the model to identify activity start and end times and handle ambiguous negative examples. All
models improve upon the baseline per-frame classification, confirming the importance of temporal
information.