but the label sets are distinct.
For clarity, we differentiate between transfer learning and multi-task learning in this paper, despite
these terms sometimes being used interchangeably in the literature. We define TL as the utilization of
parameters from a model trained on Ta to initialize another model for Tb. In contrast, MTL involves
training parts of the same model to learn both Ta and Tb, essentially learning one set of parameters
for both tasks. The concept is to train a single model simultaneously on both tasks, where one task
introduces an inductive bias that aids the model in generalizing over the main task. It is important to
and MTL models are trained using the same hyperparameters as the STL model.
5.2 Transfer Learning Models
In our experiments, transfer learning involves training an STL model on PCEDT relations and then
using some of its weights to initialize another model for NomBank relations. Given the neural
classifier architecture detailed in Section 5.1, we identify three ways to implement TL: 1) TLE:
Transferring the embedding layer weights, 2) TLH: Transferring the hidden layer weights, and 3)
TLEH: Transferring both the embedding and hidden layer weights. Furthermore, we differentiate
between transfer learning from PCEDT to NomBank and vice versa. This results in six setups,
are updated during the training of all models. We utilize the Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam)
optimization function across all models, with a learning rate set to 0.001. The loss function employed
is the negative-log likelihood. A Sigmoid activation function is used for the units in the hidden layer.
All models are trained with mini-batches of size five. The maximum number of epochs is capped
at 50, but an early stopping criterion based on the model’s accuracy on the validation split is also
implemented. This means that training is halted if the validation accuracy does not improve over five
consecutive epochs. All models are implemented in Keras, using TensorFlow as the backend. The TL
