are updated during the training of all models. We utilize the Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam)
optimization function across all models, with a learning rate set to 0.001. The loss function employed
is the negative-log likelihood. A Sigmoid activation function is used for the units in the hidden layer.
All models are trained with mini-batches of size five. The maximum number of epochs is capped
at 50, but an early stopping criterion based on the model’s accuracy on the validation split is also
implemented. This means that training is halted if the validation accuracy does not improve over five
consecutive epochs. All models are implemented in Keras, using TensorFlow as the backend. The TL
 We also experiment with combining the super- and sub-event representations
to form a three-level hierarchy for event representation.
6 Experiments
6.1 Implementation Details
For our base per-segment CNN, we utilize the I3D network, pre-trained on the ImageNet and Kinetics
datasets. I3D has achieved state-of-the-art performance on segmented video tasks, providing a reliable
feature representation. We also employ a two-stream version of InceptionV3, pre-trained on Imagenet
and Kinetics, as our base per-frame CNN for comparison. InceptionV3 was chosen for its depth
compared to previous two-stream CNNs. Frames were extracted at 25 fps, and TVL1 optical flow
and MTL models are trained using the same hyperparameters as the STL model.
5.2 Transfer Learning Models
In our experiments, transfer learning involves training an STL model on PCEDT relations and then
using some of its weights to initialize another model for NomBank relations. Given the neural
classifier architecture detailed in Section 5.1, we identify three ways to implement TL: 1) TLE:
Transferring the embedding layer weights, 2) TLH: Transferring the hidden layer weights, and 3)
TLEH: Transferring both the embedding and hidden layer weights. Furthermore, we differentiate
between transfer learning from PCEDT to NomBank and vice versa. This results in six setups,
