 This provides a common learned representation of the input space,
while allowing each predictor to adapt to its own constraints. After the shared layers, each constrained
predictor has an additional two hidden layers and their final outputs are projected onto our convex
approximation of the safe region of the output space, using Gb(x) = min jGj(x). In our experiments,
we set ε= 0.0001 .
With this construction, we needed 30 separate predictors to enforce the VerticalCAS safeability
constraints. The number of nodes for the unconstrained and safe implementations were 270 and 2880,
respectively. Our safe predictor is orders of magnitude smaller than the original look-up tables.
C.4 Parameter Optimization
We define our networks and perform parameter optimization using PyTorch. We optimize the
parameters of both the unconstrained network and our safe predictor using the asymmetric loss
function, guiding the network to select optimal advisories while accurately predicting scores from
the look-up tables. Each dataset is split using an 80/20 train/test split, with a random seed of 0. The
optimizer is ADAM, with a learning rate of 0.0003, a batch size of 216, and the number of training
epochs is 500.
6
suming the NeuRIPs event, we then provide bounds on the expected risk, applicable
to networks within any sublevel set of the empirical risk. Our results show that all
networks with sufficiently small empirical risk achieve uniform generalization.
1 Introduction
A fundamental requirement of any scientific model is a clear evaluation of its limitations. In recent
years, supervised machine learning has seen the development of tools for automated model discovery
from training data. However, these methods often lack a robust theoretical framework to estimate
model limitations. Statistical learning theory quantifies the limitation of a trained model by the
generalization error. This theory uses concepts such as the VC-dimension and Rademacher complexity
to analyze generalization error bounds for classification problems.