Broader Impact
Supervised machine learning now affects both personal and public lives significantly. Generalization is
critical to the reliability and safety of empirically trained models. Our analysis aims to achieve a deeper
understanding of the relationships between generalization, architectural design, and available data.
We have discussed the concepts and demonstrated the effectiveness of using uniform concentration
events for generalization guarantees of common supervised machine learning algorithms.
7
suming the NeuRIPs event, we then provide bounds on the expected risk, applicable
to networks within any sublevel set of the empirical risk. Our results show that all
networks with sufficiently small empirical risk achieve uniform generalization.
1 Introduction
A fundamental requirement of any scientific model is a clear evaluation of its limitations. In recent
years, supervised machine learning has seen the development of tools for automated model discovery
from training data. However, these methods often lack a robust theoretical framework to estimate
model limitations. Statistical learning theory quantifies the limitation of a trained model by the
generalization error. This theory uses concepts such as the VC-dimension and Rademacher complexity
to analyze generalization error bounds for classification problems. This provides a common learned representation of the input space,
while allowing each predictor to adapt to its own constraints. After the shared layers, each constrained
predictor has an additional two hidden layers and their final outputs are projected onto our convex
approximation of the safe region of the output space, using Gb(x) = min jGj(x). In our experiments,
we set ε= 0.0001 .
With this construction, we needed 30 separate predictors to enforce the VerticalCAS safeability
constraints. The number of nodes for the unconstrained and safe implementations were 270 and 2880,
respectively. Our safe predictor is orders of magnitude smaller than the original look-up tables.
C.4 Parameter Optimization
