parameter search for the number of trees (200, 250), the minimum number of samples in a leaf node (1, 5), and whether a warm start
is needed. The Gini impurity is used to measure splits.
**Evaluation Metrics:** We are interested in developing a system to monitor PD motor symptoms in home environments. For
example, we will consider if there is any significant difference in the performance of the system when it is trained with PD data
compared to being trained with healthy control (HC) data. We tailored our training procedure to test our hypothesis by performing
variations of cross-validation. Apart from training our models on all HC subjects (ALL-HC), we also perform four different kinds of
 This provides a common learned representation of the input space,
while allowing each predictor to adapt to its own constraints. After the shared layers, each constrained
predictor has an additional two hidden layers and their final outputs are projected onto our convex
approximation of the safe region of the output space, using Gb(x) = min jGj(x). In our experiments,
we set ε= 0.0001 .
With this construction, we needed 30 separate predictors to enforce the VerticalCAS safeability
constraints. The number of nodes for the unconstrained and safe implementations were 270 and 2880,
respectively. Our safe predictor is orders of magnitude smaller than the original look-up tables.
C.4 Parameter Optimization
also proposed, which may incur extra gradient computations or require second-order information (in contrast to the adaptive step
size we propose in Algorithm 3). A different approach is taken by focusing on the min-max setting and using multiple ascent steps
per descent step, achieving the same O(1/k)rate as EG.
Minty solutions. Numerous studies have presented various methods for scenarios where the problem at hand has a Minty solution.
It was shown that weakly monotone VIs can be solved by iteratively adding a quadratic proximity term and repeatedly optimizing
the resulting strongly monotone VI using any convergent method. The convergence of the OGDA method was proven, but without a
specific rate.