provided by a single expert. A classic example of this concept is the observation that the median
estimate of an ox’s weight from a large group of fair attendees was remarkably close to the actual
weight. While generally supported, the idea is not without its limitations. Historical examples
demonstrate instances where crowds behaved irrationally, and even a world chess champion was able
to defeat the combined moves of a crowd.
In the current era, the advantages of collective intelligence are widely utilized. For example, Wikipedia
relies on the contributions of volunteers, and community-driven question-answering platforms have
garnered significant attention from the research community. When compiling information from
would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.