would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
provided by a single expert. A classic example of this concept is the observation that the median
estimate of an ox’s weight from a large group of fair attendees was remarkably close to the actual
weight. While generally supported, the idea is not without its limitations. Historical examples
demonstrate instances where crowds behaved irrationally, and even a world chess champion was able
to defeat the combined moves of a crowd.
In the current era, the advantages of collective intelligence are widely utilized. For example, Wikipedia
relies on the contributions of volunteers, and community-driven question-answering platforms have
garnered significant attention from the research community. When compiling information from
found with the data for object 12 (steak) and object 15 (chicken nugget), so these items were excluded
from the final overall evaluation.
4 First Place Team - VolETA
4.1 Methodology
The team’s research employs multi-view reconstruction to generate detailed food meshes and calculate
precise food volumes.
4.1.1 Overview
The team’s method integrates computer vision and deep learning to accurately estimate food volume
from RGBD images and masks. Keyframe selection ensures data quality, supported by perceptual
hashing and blur detection. Camera pose estimation and object segmentation pave the way for neural
surface reconstruction, creating detailed meshes for volume estimation. Refinement steps, including
