35 8.64
20 117.43 119.83 20.03
6 Best 3D Mesh Reconstruction Team - FoodRiddle
6.1 Methodology
To achieve high-fidelity food mesh reconstruction, the team developed two procedural pipelines as
depicted in Figure 14. For simple and medium complexity cases, they employed a structure-from-
motion strategy to ascertain the pose of each image, followed by mesh reconstruction. Subsequently,
a sequence of post-processing steps was implemented to recalibrate the scale and improve mesh
quality. For cases involving only a single image, the team utilized image generation techniques to
facilitate model generation.
6.1.1 Multi-View Reconstruction
would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
found with the data for object 12 (steak) and object 15 (chicken nugget), so these items were excluded
from the final overall evaluation.
4 First Place Team - VolETA
4.1 Methodology
The team’s research employs multi-view reconstruction to generate detailed food meshes and calculate
precise food volumes.
4.1.1 Overview
The team’s method integrates computer vision and deep learning to accurately estimate food volume
from RGBD images and masks. Keyframe selection ensures data quality, supported by perceptual
hashing and blur detection. Camera pose estimation and object segmentation pave the way for neural
surface reconstruction, creating detailed meshes for volume estimation. Refinement steps, including
