highly skewed dataset, compared to a robust single-task learning baseline. 2. Although our research
concentrates on TL and MTL, we present, to our knowledge, the first experimental results on the
relatively recent dataset from Fares (2016).
2 Related Work
Approaches to interpreting noun-noun compounds differ based on the classification of compound
relations, as well as the machine learning models and features employed to learn these relations. For
instance, some define a broad set of relations, while others employ a more detailed classification.
Some researchers challenge the idea that noun-noun compounds can be interpreted using a fixed,
predetermined set of relations, proposing alternative methods based on paraphrasing. We center
 Besides differing in the NLP tasks they investigate, the aforementioned
studies employ slightly varied definitions of TL and MTL. Our research aligns with certain studies in
that we apply TL and MTL to learn different semantic annotations of noun-noun compounds using
the same dataset. However, our experimental design is more akin to other work in that we experiment
with initializing parameters across all layers of the neural network and concurrently train a single
MTL model on two sets of relations.
3 Task Definition and Dataset
The objective of this task is to train a model to categorize the semantic relationships between pairs
of nouns in a labeled dataset, where each pair forms a noun-noun compound. The complexity of
our attention on methods that frame the interpretation problem as a classification task involving a
fixed, predetermined set of relations. Various machine learning models have been applied to this
task, including nearest neighbor classifiers that use semantic similarity based on lexical resources,
kernel-based methods like SVMs that utilize lexical and relational features, Maximum Entropy
models that incorporate a wide range of lexical and surface form features, and neural networks that
rely on word embeddings or combine word embeddings with path embeddings. Among these studies,
some have utilized the same dataset. To our knowledge, TL and MTL have not been previously
applied to compound interpretation. Therefore, we review prior research on TL and MTL in other
NLP tasks.
