generating the refined embedding at time step t, its decision is independent; it does not take into account the actual decision made by
other refined embeddings t. We use a CRF layer to cover just that, i.e., to maximize the probability of the refined embeddings of all
time steps, so it can better model cases where refined embeddings closest to one another must be compatible (i.e., minimizing the
possibility for impossible room transitions). When finding the best sequence of room location ˆyt, the Viterbi Algorithm is used as a
standard for the CRF layer.
For the second layer, we choose a particular room as a reference and perform a binary classification at each time step t. The binary
layers: 1) an input layer, 2) an embedding layer, 3) a hidden layer, and 4) an output layer. The input
3
layer consists of two integers that indicate the indices of a compound’s constituents in the embedding
layer, where the word embedding vectors are stored. These selected vectors are then passed to a fully
connected hidden layer, the size of which matches the dimensionality of the word embedding vectors.
Finally, a softmax function is applied to the output layer to select the most probable relation.
The compound’s constituents are represented using a 300-dimensional word embedding model trained
on an English Wikipedia dump and the English Gigaword Fifth Edition. The embedding model was
To better comprehend lexical memorization’s impact, we present the ratio of relation-specific con-
stituents in both NomBank and PCEDT, as depicted in Figure 2. We define a relation-specific
constituent as a left or right constituent that appears with only one specific relation within the training
data. Its ratio is calculated as its proportion in the full set of left or right constituents for each
8
relation. Analyzing Figure 2 reveals that NomBank relations possess higher ratios of relation-specific
constituents compared to PCEDT. This potentially makes learning the former easier if the model
solely relies on lexical memorization. Additionally, ARGM-TMP in NomBank and TWHEN in
