Broader Impact
Supervised machine learning now affects both personal and public lives significantly. Generalization is
critical to the reliability and safety of empirically trained models. Our analysis aims to achieve a deeper
understanding of the relationships between generalization, architectural design, and available data.
We have discussed the concepts and demonstrated the effectiveness of using uniform concentration
events for generalization guarantees of common supervised machine learning algorithms.
7
sample, there will be a corresponding demographic feature data sample that is used to train a different binary classifier to predict
whether a person with PD is ON or OFF medications.
**Ethical approval:** Full approval from the NHS Wales Research Ethics Committee was granted on December 17, 2019, and
Health Research Authority and Health and Care Research Wales approval was confirmed on January 14, 2020; the research was
3
conducted in accord with the Helsinki Declaration of 1975; written informed consent was gained from all study participants. In
order to protect participant privacy, supporting data is not shared openly. It will be made available to bona fide researchers subject to
a data access agreement.
4 Methodologies and Framework
Safe Predictors for Input-Output Specification
Enforcement
Abstract
This paper presents an approach for designing neural networks, along with other
machine learning models, which adhere to a collection of input-output specifica-
tions. Our method involves the construction of a constrained predictor for each set
of compatible constraints, and combining these predictors in a safe manner using a
convex combination of their predictions. We demonstrate the applicability of this
method with synthetic datasets and on an aircraft collision avoidance problem.
1 Introduction
The increasing adoption of machine learning models, such as neural networks, in safety-critical
applications, such as autonomous vehicles and aircraft collision avoidance, highlights an urgent
need for the development of guarantees on safety and robustness.