observed on the ’most challenging’ inputs that include at least one constituent that was not present in
the training data. However, clear indications of ’lexical memorization’ effects are evident in our error
analysis of unseen compounds.
Typically, the transfer of representations or sharing between tasks is more effective at the embedding
layers, which represent the model’s internal representation of the compound constituents. Furthermore,
in multi-task learning, the complete sharing of model architecture across tasks degrades its capacity
to generalize when it comes to less frequent relations.
The dataset provided by Fares (2016) is an appealing resource for new neural approaches to compound
interpretation because it links this sub-problem with broad-coverage semantic role labeling or
 Besides differing in the NLP tasks they investigate, the aforementioned
studies employ slightly varied definitions of TL and MTL. Our research aligns with certain studies in
that we apply TL and MTL to learn different semantic annotations of noun-noun compounds using
the same dataset. However, our experimental design is more akin to other work in that we experiment
with initializing parameters across all layers of the neural network and concurrently train a single
MTL model on two sets of relations.
3 Task Definition and Dataset
The objective of this task is to train a model to categorize the semantic relationships between pairs
of nouns in a labeled dataset, where each pair forms a noun-noun compound. The complexity of
Additionally, we compare a bi-directional LSTM with 512 hidden units, using the final hidden state
as input to a fully-connected layer for classification. We frame our tasks as multi-label classification
and train these models to minimize binary cross-entropy:
L(v) =X
czclog(p(c|G(v))) + (1 −zc) log(1 −p(c|G(v)))
where G(v)is the function that pools the temporal information, and zcis the ground truth label for
class c.
5 Activity Detection in Continuous Videos
Detecting activities in continuous videos poses a greater challenge. The goal here is to classify each
frame according to the activities occurring. Unlike segmented videos, continuous videos feature
