Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.In this work, we focus on aligning the representations of popular and unpopular items interacted with by the same user and re-
weighting uniformity to mitigate representation separation. Our model PAAC uniquely addresses popularity bias by combining group
alignment and contrastive learning, a first in the field. Unlike previous works that align positive user-item pairs or contrastive pairs,
PAAC directly aligns popular and unpopular items, leveraging the rich information of popular items to enhance the representations
of unpopular items and reduce overfitting. Additionally, we introduce targeted re-weighting from a popularity-centric perspective to
achieve a more balanced representation.
5 Conclusion
is dominated by popular items, prioritizing unpopular items as positive samples widens the gap between popular and unpopular
items in the representation space. Conversely, when negative samples follow a uniform distribution, focusing on popular items
separates them from most unpopular ones, thus worsening the representation gap. Existing studies use the same weights for positive
and negative samples in the contrastive loss function, without considering differences in item popularity. However, in real-world
recommendation datasets, the impact of items varies due to dataset characteristics and interaction distributions. Neglecting this
aspect could lead to suboptimal results and exacerbate representation separation.
We propose to identify different influences by re-weighting different popularity items. To this end, we introduce re-weighting
