where f(·)is a recommendation encoder and hi=f(i). By efficiently using the inherent information in the data, we provide more
supervisory signals for unpopular items without introducing additional side information. This module enhances the representation of
unpopular items, mitigating the overfitting issue.
2.2 Re-weighting Contrast Module
Recent research has indicated that popularity bias frequently leads to a noticeable separation in the representation of item embeddings.
Although methods based on contrastive learning aim to enhance overall uniformity by distancing negative samples, their current
sampling methods might unintentionally worsen this separation. When negative samples follow the popularity distribution, which
different positive and negative samples to mitigate representation separation from a popularity-centric perspective. We incorporate
this approach into contrastive learning to better optimize the consistency of representations. Specifically, we aim to reduce the risk
of pushing items with varying popularity further apart. For example, when using a popular item as a positive sample, our goal is
to avoid pushing unpopular items too far away. Thus, we introduce two hyperparameters to control the weights when items are
considered positive and negative samples.
To ensure balanced and equitable representations of items within our model, we first propose a dynamic strategy to categorize items
into popular and unpopular groups for each mini-batch. Instead of relying on a fixed global threshold, which often leads to the
IB=Ipop∪Iunpop ,∀i∈Ipop∧j∈Iunpop , p(i)> p(j), (2)
where Ipop∈IBandIunpop∈IBare disjoint, with Ipopconsisting of the top x%of items in the batch. In this work, we dynamically
divided items into popular and unpopular groups within each mini-batch based on their popularity, assigning the top 50% as popular
items and the bottom 50% as unpopular items. This radio not only ensures equal representation of both groups in our contrastive
learning but also allows items to be classified adaptively based on the batch’s current composition.
