 Later, various processes are done to further extract correlations across modalities through the use of various layers (e.g.,
concatenation, CNN layer, transformer, self-attention). Our work is inspired by prior research where we only utilize accelerometer
2
data to enrich the RSSI, instead of utilizing all IMU sensors, in order to reduce battery consumption. In addition, unlike previous
work that stops at predicting room locations, we go a step further and use room-to-room transition behaviors as features for a binary
classifier predicting whether people with PD are taking their medications or withholding them.
3 Cohort and Dataset
undertake scripted activities such as moving from room to room) to fully validate the performance of our approach in other settings.
6 Conclusion
We have presented the MDCSA model, a new deep learning approach for indoor localization utilizing RSSI and wrist-worn
accelerometer data. The evaluation on our unique real-world free-living pilot dataset, which includes subjects with and without PD,
shows that MDCSA achieves state-of-the-art accuracy for indoor localization. The availability of accelerometer data does indeed
enrich the RSSI features, which, in turn, improves the accuracy of indoor localization.
Accurate room localization using these data modalities has a wide range of potential applications within healthcare. This could
medication state prediction and maintain their performance across all cross-validations thanks to the addition of Eq. 13 in the loss
function.
**Limitations and future research:** One limitation of this study is the relatively small sample size (which was planned as this is
an exploratory pilot study). We believe our sample size is ample to show proof of concept. This is also the first such work with
unobtrusive ground truth validation from embedded cameras. Future work should validate our approach further on a large cohort
of people with PD and consider stratifying for sub-groups within PD (e.g., akinetic-rigid or tremor-dominant phenotypes), which
