sample, there will be a corresponding demographic feature data sample that is used to train a different binary classifier to predict
whether a person with PD is ON or OFF medications.
**Ethical approval:** Full approval from the NHS Wales Research Ethics Committee was granted on December 17, 2019, and
Health Research Authority and Health and Care Research Wales approval was confirmed on January 14, 2020; the research was
3
conducted in accord with the Helsinki Declaration of 1975; written informed consent was gained from all study participants. In
order to protect participant privacy, supporting data is not shared openly. It will be made available to bona fide researchers subject to
a data access agreement.
4 Methodologies and Framework
include tracking of gait speed during rehabilitation from orthopedic surgery, monitoring wandering behavior in dementia, or
triggering an alert for a possible fall (and long lie on the floor) if someone is in one room for an unusual length of time. Furthermore,
accurate room use and room-to-room transfer statistics could be used in occupational settings, e.g., to check factory worker location.
7
Table 1: Room-level and medication state accuracy of all models. Standard deviation is shown in (.), the best performer is bold,
while the second best is italicized. Note that our proposed model is the one named MDCSA1,4,7
!Training ModelRoom-Level Localisation Medication State
 Later, various processes are done to further extract correlations across modalities through the use of various layers (e.g.,
concatenation, CNN layer, transformer, self-attention). Our work is inspired by prior research where we only utilize accelerometer
2
data to enrich the RSSI, instead of utilizing all IMU sensors, in order to reduce battery consumption. In addition, unlike previous
work that stops at predicting room locations, we go a step further and use room-to-room transition behaviors as features for a binary
classifier predicting whether people with PD are taking their medications or withholding them.
3 Cohort and Dataset
