sample, there will be a corresponding demographic feature data sample that is used to train a different binary classifier to predict
whether a person with PD is ON or OFF medications.
**Ethical approval:** Full approval from the NHS Wales Research Ethics Committee was granted on December 17, 2019, and
Health Research Authority and Health and Care Research Wales approval was confirmed on January 14, 2020; the research was
3
conducted in accord with the Helsinki Declaration of 1975; written informed consent was gained from all study participants. In
order to protect participant privacy, supporting data is not shared openly. It will be made available to bona fide researchers subject to
a data access agreement.
4 Methodologies and Framework
Gait quantification using wearables or smartphones is an area where a significant amount of work has been done. Cameras can
also detect parkinsonian gait and some gait features, including step length and average walking speed. Time-of-flight devices,
which measure distances between the subject and the camera, have been used to assess medication adherence through gait analysis.
From free-living data, one approach to gait and room use evaluation in home settings is by emitting and detecting radio waves to
non-invasively track movement. Gait analysis using radio wave technology shows promise to track disease progression, severity, and
medication response. However, this approach cannot identify who is doing the movement and also suffers from technical issues
include tracking of gait speed during rehabilitation from orthopedic surgery, monitoring wandering behavior in dementia, or
triggering an alert for a possible fall (and long lie on the floor) if someone is in one room for an unusual length of time. Furthermore,
accurate room use and room-to-room transfer statistics could be used in occupational settings, e.g., to check factory worker location.
7
Table 1: Room-level and medication state accuracy of all models. Standard deviation is shown in (.), the best performer is bold,
while the second best is italicized. Note that our proposed model is the one named MDCSA1,4,7
!Training ModelRoom-Level Localisation Medication State
