elements that are hard to deduce from a 2D image, underscoring the need for sophisticated techniques
to tackle this problem. Current methods for estimating food portions are grouped into four categories.
Stereo-Based Approaches use multiple images to reconstruct the 3D structure of food. Some methods
estimate food volume using multi-view stereo reconstruction based on epipolar geometry, while
others perform two-view dense reconstruction. Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) has
also been used for continuous, real-time food volume estimation. However, these methods are limited
by their need for multiple images, which is not always practical.
Model-Based Approaches use predefined shapes and templates to estimate volume. For instance,
framework used in the challenge, and Sections 4, 5, and 6 discuss the methodologies and findings of
the top three teams (V olETA, ININ-VIAUN, and FoodRiddle), respectively.
2 Related Work
Estimating food portions is a crucial part of image-based dietary assessment, aiming to determine the
volume, energy content, or macronutrients directly from images of meals. Unlike the well-studied
task of food recognition, estimating food portions is particularly challenging due to the lack of 3D
information and physical size references necessary for accurately judging the actual size of food
portions. Accurate portion size estimation requires understanding the volume and density of food,
certain templates are assigned to foods from a library and transformed based on physical references to
estimate the size and location of the food. Template matching approaches estimate food volume from
a single image, but they struggle with variations in food shapes that differ from predefined templates.
Recent work has used 3D food meshes as templates to align camera and object poses for portion size
estimation.
Depth Camera-Based Approaches use depth cameras to create depth maps, capturing the distance from
the camera to the food. These depth maps form a voxel representation used for volume estimation.
The main drawback is the need for high-quality depth maps and the extra processing required for
consumer-grade depth sensors.
