test was used on the annotated data from PD participants undertaking each of the three individual transitions between rooms whilst
ON (taking) and OFF (withholding) medications to assess whether the mean transition duration ON medications was statistically
significantly shorter than the mean transition duration for the same transition OFF medications for all transitions studied (see Table
4). From this result, we argue that the mean transition duration obtained by each model from Table 1 that is close to the ground truth
can capture what the ground truth captures. As mentioned in Section 3, this transition duration for each model is generated by the
model continuously performing room-level localization, focusing on the time a person is predicted to spend in a hallway between
rooms.applicability.
•Complex backgrounds and objects: The method has not been tested in environments with
complex backgrounds or highly intricate food objects.
•Capturing complexities: The method has not been evaluated under different capturing
complexities, such as varying distances and camera speeds.
•Pipeline complexity: For one-shot neural rendering, the team currently uses One-2-3-45.
They aim to use only the 2D diffusion model, Zero123, to reduce complexity and improve
efficiency.
6
Table 3: Quantitative Comparison with Ground Truth Using Chamfer Distance
L Id Team’s V ol. GT V ol. Ch. w/ t.m Ch. w/o t.m
1 40.06 38.represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e.