surfaces, and intricate geometries common in culinary subjects.
The competition involved 20 diverse food items, captured under various conditions and with differing
numbers of input images, specifically designed to challenge participants in creating robust reconstruc-
tion models. The evaluation was based on a two-phase process, assessing both portion size accuracy
through Mean Absolute Percentage Error (MAPE) and shape accuracy using the Chamfer distance
metric.
Of all participating teams, three reached the final submission stage, presenting a range of innovative
solutions. Team V olETA secured first place with the best overall performance in both Phase-I and
Phase-II, followed by team ININ-VIAUN in second place. Additionally, the FoodRiddle team
 It was observed that a specific parameterization of the von Neumann ratio game exhibits a novel type of solution,
termed "weak Minty," without having any of the previously known characteristics like (negative) comonotonicity or Minty solutions.
Convergence in the presence of such solutions was demonstrated for EG, provided that the extrapolation step size is twice as large as
the update step. Subsequently, it was shown that the condition on the weak Minty parameter can be relaxed by further reducing the
length of the update step, and this is done adaptively. To avoid the need for additional hyperparameters, a backtracking line search is
 These tables illustrate how PCEDT functors map to NomBank arguments
in the training split (Table 6) and vice versa (Table 7). Table 6 reveals that 80% of the compounds
annotated as TWHEN in PCEDT were annotated as ARGM-TMP in NomBank. Additionally, 47% of
ACT (Actor) relations map to ARG0 (Proto-Agent) in NomBank. While this mapping is not as distinct
as one might hope, it is still relatively high when compared to how other PCEDT relations map to
ARG0. The correspondence matrices also demonstrate that the presumed theoretical similarities
between NomBank and PCEDT relations do not always hold in practice.