their predictions on events that might not occur or have not yet occurred. The sentiment polarity of
3
the justifications is generally neutral. In terms of readability, both the Flesch and Dale-Chall scores
suggest that approximately a quarter of the justifications require a college-level education for full
comprehension.
Regarding verbs and nouns, an analysis using WordNet lexical files reveals that the most common
verb classes are "change" (e.g., "happen," "remain," "increase"), "social" (e.g., "vote," "support,"
"help"), "cognition" (e.g., "think," "believe," "know"), and "motion" (e.g.the RSSI signals, in particular to help distinguish adjacent rooms, which RSSI-only systems typically struggle with. If it will, how
can we incorporate these extra features (and modalities) into the existing features for accurate room predictions, particularly in the
context of PD where the acceleration signal may be significantly impacted by the disease itself?
(2) Modeling local and global temporal dynamics. The true correlations between inputs both intra-modality (i.e., RSSI signal among
access points) and inter-modality (i.e., RSSI signal against accelerometer fluctuation) are dynamic. These dynamics can affect one
another within a local context (e.g., cyclical patterns) or across long-term relationships.represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e.