suming the NeuRIPs event, we then provide bounds on the expected risk, applicable
to networks within any sublevel set of the empirical risk. Our results show that all
networks with sufficiently small empirical risk achieve uniform generalization.
1 Introduction
A fundamental requirement of any scientific model is a clear evaluation of its limitations. In recent
years, supervised machine learning has seen the development of tools for automated model discovery
from training data. However, these methods often lack a robust theoretical framework to estimate
model limitations. Statistical learning theory quantifies the limitation of a trained model by the
generalization error. This theory uses concepts such as the VC-dimension and Rademacher complexity
to analyze generalization error bounds for classification problems.Broader Impact
Supervised machine learning now affects both personal and public lives significantly. Generalization is
critical to the reliability and safety of empirically trained models. Our analysis aims to achieve a deeper
understanding of the relationships between generalization, architectural design, and available data.
We have discussed the concepts and demonstrated the effectiveness of using uniform concentration
events for generalization guarantees of common supervised machine learning algorithms.
7
highly skewed dataset, compared to a robust single-task learning baseline. 2. Although our research
concentrates on TL and MTL, we present, to our knowledge, the first experimental results on the
relatively recent dataset from Fares (2016).
2 Related Work
Approaches to interpreting noun-noun compounds differ based on the classification of compound
relations, as well as the machine learning models and features employed to learn these relations. For
instance, some define a broad set of relations, while others employ a more detailed classification.
Some researchers challenge the idea that noun-noun compounds can be interpreted using a fixed,
predetermined set of relations, proposing alternative methods based on paraphrasing. We center
