Broader Impact
Supervised machine learning now affects both personal and public lives significantly. Generalization is
critical to the reliability and safety of empirically trained models. Our analysis aims to achieve a deeper
understanding of the relationships between generalization, architectural design, and available data.
We have discussed the concepts and demonstrated the effectiveness of using uniform concentration
events for generalization guarantees of common supervised machine learning algorithms.
7
A key reason for utilizing multi-task learning is to enhance generalization by making use of the
domain-specific details present in the training data of related tasks. In this study, we demonstrate that
TL and MTL can serve as a form of regularization, enabling the prediction of infrequent relations
within a dataset marked by a highly skewed distribution of relations. This dataset is particularly
well-suited for TL and MTL experimentation, as elaborated in Section 3.
Our contributions are summarized as follows:
1. Through meticulous analysis of results, we discover that TL and MTL, especially when applied
to the embedding layer, enhance overall accuracy and F1 scores for less frequent relations in a
suming the NeuRIPs event, we then provide bounds on the expected risk, applicable
to networks within any sublevel set of the empirical risk. Our results show that all
networks with sufficiently small empirical risk achieve uniform generalization.
1 Introduction
A fundamental requirement of any scientific model is a clear evaluation of its limitations. In recent
years, supervised machine learning has seen the development of tools for automated model discovery
from training data. However, these methods often lack a robust theoretical framework to estimate
model limitations. Statistical learning theory quantifies the limitation of a trained model by the
generalization error. This theory uses concepts such as the VC-dimension and Rademacher complexity
to analyze generalization error bounds for classification problems.