and MTL models are trained using the same hyperparameters as the STL model.
5.2 Transfer Learning Models
In our experiments, transfer learning involves training an STL model on PCEDT relations and then
using some of its weights to initialize another model for NomBank relations. Given the neural
classifier architecture detailed in Section 5.1, we identify three ways to implement TL: 1) TLE:
Transferring the embedding layer weights, 2) TLH: Transferring the hidden layer weights, and 3)
TLEH: Transferring both the embedding and hidden layer weights. Furthermore, we differentiate
between transfer learning from PCEDT to NomBank and vice versa. This results in six setups,
 Besides differing in the NLP tasks they investigate, the aforementioned
studies employ slightly varied definitions of TL and MTL. Our research aligns with certain studies in
that we apply TL and MTL to learn different semantic annotations of noun-noun compounds using
the same dataset. However, our experimental design is more akin to other work in that we experiment
with initializing parameters across all layers of the neural network and concurrently train a single
MTL model on two sets of relations.
3 Task Definition and Dataset
The objective of this task is to train a model to categorize the semantic relationships between pairs
of nouns in a labeled dataset, where each pair forms a noun-noun compound. The complexity of
would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
