 "go," "come," "leave").
The most frequent noun classes are "act" (e.g., "election," "support," "deal"), "communication" (e.g.,
"questions," "forecast," "news"), "cognition" (e.g., "point," "issue," "possibility"), and "group" (e.g.,
"government," "people," "party").
4 Experiments and Results
Experiments are conducted to address the challenge of accurately calling a question throughout
its duration. The input consists of the question itself and the associated forecasts (predictions and
justifications), while the output is an aggregated answer to the question derived from all forecasts.
industries as it enables them to anticipate and address potential challenges. This study focuses on
questions spanning the political, economic, and social domains, utilizing forecasts submitted by a
crowd of individuals without specialized training. Each forecast comprises a prediction and a natural
language justification.
6
The research demonstrates that aggregating the weighted predictions of forecasters is a solid baseline
for calling a question throughout its duration. However, models that incorporate both the question
and the justifications achieve significantly better results, particularly during the first three quartiles of
a question’s life. Importantly, the models developed in this study do not profile individual forecasters
or utilize any information about their identities. This work lays the groundwork for evaluating the
•Different metrics across various datasets show varying improvements in model performance. This suggests that different
debiasing methods may need distinct optimization strategies for models. Additionally, we observe varying effects of PAAC
across different datasets. This difference could be due to the sparser nature of the Gowalla dataset. Conversely, our model
can directly provide supervisory signals for unpopular items and conduct intra-group optimization, consistently maintaining
optimal performance across all metrics on the three datasets.
3.3 Ablation Study
To better understand the effectiveness of each component in PAAC, we conduct ablation studies on three datasets. Table 2 presents a
comparison between PAAC and its variants on recommendation performance.