applicability.
•Complex backgrounds and objects: The method has not been tested in environments with
complex backgrounds or highly intricate food objects.
•Capturing complexities: The method has not been evaluated under different capturing
complexities, such as varying distances and camera speeds.
•Pipeline complexity: For one-shot neural rendering, the team currently uses One-2-3-45.
They aim to use only the 2D diffusion model, Zero123, to reduce complexity and improve
efficiency.
6
Table 3: Quantitative Comparison with Ground Truth Using Chamfer Distance
L Id Team’s V ol. GT V ol. Ch. w/ t.m Ch. w/o t.m
1 40.06 38.Deep Learning Approaches utilize neural networks trained on large image datasets for portion
estimation. Regression networks estimate the energy value of food from single images or from an
"Energy Distribution Map" that maps input images to energy distributions. Some networks use both
images and depth maps to estimate energy, mass, and macronutrient content. However, deep learning
methods require extensive data for training and are not always interpretable, with performance
degrading when test images significantly differ from training data.
While these methods have advanced food portion estimation, they face limitations that hinder their
widespread use and accuracy. Stereo-based methods are impractical for single images, model-based
 Later, various processes are done to further extract correlations across modalities through the use of various layers (e.g.,
concatenation, CNN layer, transformer, self-attention). Our work is inspired by prior research where we only utilize accelerometer
2
data to enrich the RSSI, instead of utilizing all IMU sensors, in order to reduce battery consumption. In addition, unlike previous
work that stops at predicting room locations, we go a step further and use room-to-room transition behaviors as features for a binary
classifier predicting whether people with PD are taking their medications or withholding them.
3 Cohort and Dataset
