our attention on methods that frame the interpretation problem as a classification task involving a
fixed, predetermined set of relations. Various machine learning models have been applied to this
task, including nearest neighbor classifiers that use semantic similarity based on lexical resources,
kernel-based methods like SVMs that utilize lexical and relational features, Maximum Entropy
models that incorporate a wide range of lexical and surface form features, and neural networks that
rely on word embeddings or combine word embeddings with path embeddings. Among these studies,
some have utilized the same dataset. To our knowledge, TL and MTL have not been previously
applied to compound interpretation. Therefore, we review prior research on TL and MTL in other
NLP tasks.
observed on the ’most challenging’ inputs that include at least one constituent that was not present in
the training data. However, clear indications of ’lexical memorization’ effects are evident in our error
analysis of unseen compounds.
Typically, the transfer of representations or sharing between tasks is more effective at the embedding
layers, which represent the model’s internal representation of the compound constituents. Furthermore,
in multi-task learning, the complete sharing of model architecture across tasks degrades its capacity
to generalize when it comes to less frequent relations.
The dataset provided by Fares (2016) is an appealing resource for new neural approaches to compound
interpretation because it links this sub-problem with broad-coverage semantic role labeling or
layers: 1) an input layer, 2) an embedding layer, 3) a hidden layer, and 4) an output layer. The input
3
layer consists of two integers that indicate the indices of a compound’s constituents in the embedding
layer, where the word embedding vectors are stored. These selected vectors are then passed to a fully
connected hidden layer, the size of which matches the dimensionality of the word embedding vectors.
Finally, a softmax function is applied to the output layer to select the most probable relation.
The compound’s constituents are represented using a 300-dimensional word embedding model trained
on an English Wikipedia dump and the English Gigaword Fifth Edition. The embedding model was
