observed on the ’most challenging’ inputs that include at least one constituent that was not present in
the training data. However, clear indications of ’lexical memorization’ effects are evident in our error
analysis of unseen compounds.
Typically, the transfer of representations or sharing between tasks is more effective at the embedding
layers, which represent the model’s internal representation of the compound constituents. Furthermore,
in multi-task learning, the complete sharing of model architecture across tasks degrades its capacity
to generalize when it comes to less frequent relations.
The dataset provided by Fares (2016) is an appealing resource for new neural approaches to compound
interpretation because it links this sub-problem with broad-coverage semantic role labeling or
To better comprehend lexical memorization’s impact, we present the ratio of relation-specific con-
stituents in both NomBank and PCEDT, as depicted in Figure 2. We define a relation-specific
constituent as a left or right constituent that appears with only one specific relation within the training
data. Its ratio is calculated as its proportion in the full set of left or right constituents for each
8
relation. Analyzing Figure 2 reveals that NomBank relations possess higher ratios of relation-specific
constituents compared to PCEDT. This potentially makes learning the former easier if the model
solely relies on lexical memorization. Additionally, ARGM-TMP in NomBank and TWHEN in
Several recent studies have conducted extensive experiments on the application of TL and MTL to a
variety of NLP tasks, such as named entity recognition, semantic labeling, sentence-level sentiment
classification, super-tagging, chunking, and semantic dependency parsing. The consensus among
these studies is that the advantages of TL and MTL are largely contingent on the characteristics of the
tasks involved, including the unevenness of the data distribution, the semantic relatedness between
the source and target tasks, the learning trajectory of the auxiliary and main tasks (where target tasks
that quickly reach a plateau benefit most from non-plateauing auxiliary tasks), and the structural
similarity between the tasks.