Mbacke et al. (2023), and the proofs presented are fundamental.
1 Introduction
Diffusion models, alongside generative adversarial networks and variational autoencoders (V AEs), are among the most influential
families of deep generative models. These models have demonstrated remarkable empirical results in generating images and audio,
as well as in various other applications.
Two primary methods exist for diffusion models: denoising diffusion probabilistic models (DDPMs) and score-based generative
models (SGMs). DDPMs incrementally convert samples from the desired distribution into noise via a forward process, while
simultaneously training a backward process to reverse this transformation, enabling the creation of new samples.represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e.applicability.
•Complex backgrounds and objects: The method has not been tested in environments with
complex backgrounds or highly intricate food objects.
•Capturing complexities: The method has not been evaluated under different capturing
complexities, such as varying distances and camera speeds.
•Pipeline complexity: For one-shot neural rendering, the team currently uses One-2-3-45.
They aim to use only the 2D diffusion model, Zero123, to reduce complexity and improve
efficiency.
6
Table 3: Quantitative Comparison with Ground Truth Using Chamfer Distance
L Id Team’s V ol. GT V ol. Ch. w/ t.m Ch. w/o t.m
1 40.06 38.