represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e.Detailed Action Identification in Baseball Game
Recordings
Abstract
This research introduces MLB-YouTube, a new and complex dataset created for
nuanced activity recognition in baseball videos. This dataset is structured to
support two types of analysis: one for classifying activities in segmented videos
and another for detecting activities in unsegmented, continuous video streams. This
study evaluates several methods for recognizing activities, focusing on how they
capture the temporal organization of activities in videos. This evaluation starts
with categorizing segmented videos and progresses to applying these methods
to continuous video feeds. Additionally, this paper assesses the effectiveness of
different models in the challenging task of forecasting pitch velocity and type
using baseball broadcast videos. The findings indicate that incorporating temporal
InceptionV3 5.3 mph
InceptionV3 + LSTM 4.5 mph
InceptionV3 + sub-events 3.6 mph
6.2.3 Pitch Type Classification
We conducted experiments to determine the feasibility of predicting pitch types from video, a task
made challenging by pitchers’ efforts to disguise their pitches from batters and the subtle differences
between pitches, such as grip and rotation. We incorporated pose data extracted using OpenPose,
utilizing heatmaps of joint and body part locations as input to a newly trained InceptionV3 CNN.
Pose features were considered due to variations in body mechanics between different pitches. Our
dataset includes six pitch types, with results presented in Table 7.