improve its F1 scores for less common yet more challenging semantic relations.
1 Introduction
Noun-noun compound interpretation involves determining the semantic connection between two
nouns (or noun phrases in multi-word compounds). For instance, in the compound "street protest,"
the task is to identify the semantic relationship between "street" and "protest," which is a locative
relation in this example. Given the prevalence of noun-noun compounds in natural language and its
significance to other natural language processing (NLP) tasks like question answering and information
retrieval, understanding noun-noun compounds has been extensively studied in theoretical linguistics,
psycholinguistics, and computational linguistics.
In computational linguistics, noun-noun compound interpretation is typically treated as an automatic
classification task. Various machine learning (ML) algorithms and models, such as Maximum
Entropy, Support Vector Machines, and Neural Networks, have been employed to decipher the
semantics of nominal compounds. These models utilize information from lexical semantics, like
WordNet-based features, and distributional semantics, such as word embeddings. However, noun-
noun compound interpretation remains a challenging NLP problem due to the high productivity
of noun-noun compounding as a linguistic structure and the difficulty in deriving the semantics of
noun-noun compounds from their constituents. Our research contributes to advancing NLP research
 For instance, the temporal and locative relations in
NomBank (ARGM-TMP and ARGM-LOC, respectively) and their PCEDT counterparts (TWHEN
and LOC) exhibit relatively consistent behavior across frameworks, as they annotate many of the
same compounds. However, some relations that are theoretically similar do not align well in practice.
For example, the functor AIM in PCEDT and the modifier argument ARGM-PNC in NomBank
express a somewhat related semantic concept (purpose), but there is minimal overlap between the
sets of compounds they annotate. Nevertheless, it is reasonable to assume that the semantic similarity
