would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
 A strong justification for a forecast can be considered a well-reasoned supporting argument.
Previous work in this area includes identifying argument components such as claims, premises,
backing, rebuttals, and refutations, as well as mining arguments that support or oppose a particular
claim. Despite these efforts, it was found that crowdsourced justifications rarely adhere to these
established argumentation frameworks, even though such justifications are valuable for aggregating
forecasts.
Finally, several studies have focused on forecasting using datasets similar or identical to the one used
in this research. From a psychological perspective, researchers have explored strategies for enhancing
forecasting accuracy, such as utilizing top-performing forecasters (often called "superforecasters"),
provided by a single expert. A classic example of this concept is the observation that the median
estimate of an ox’s weight from a large group of fair attendees was remarkably close to the actual
weight. While generally supported, the idea is not without its limitations. Historical examples
demonstrate instances where crowds behaved irrationally, and even a world chess champion was able
to defeat the combined moves of a crowd.
In the current era, the advantages of collective intelligence are widely utilized. For example, Wikipedia
relies on the contributions of volunteers, and community-driven question-answering platforms have
garnered significant attention from the research community. When compiling information from
