 The central problem addressed in
this work is termed "calling a question," which refers to the process of determining a final prediction
by aggregating individual forecasts. Two strategies are employed for calling questions each day
throughout their life: considering forecasts submitted on the given day ("daily") and considering the
last forecast submitted by each forecaster ("active").
Inspired by prior research on recognizing and fostering skilled forecasters, and analyzing written
justifications to assess the quality of individual or collective forecasts, this paper investigates the
automated calling of questions throughout their duration based on the forecasts available each day.
The primary contributions are empirical findings that address the following research questions:
suming the NeuRIPs event, we then provide bounds on the expected risk, applicable
to networks within any sublevel set of the empirical risk. Our results show that all
networks with sufficiently small empirical risk achieve uniform generalization.
1 Introduction
A fundamental requirement of any scientific model is a clear evaluation of its limitations. In recent
years, supervised machine learning has seen the development of tools for automated model discovery
from training data. However, these methods often lack a robust theoretical framework to estimate
model limitations. Statistical learning theory quantifies the limitation of a trained model by the
generalization error. This theory uses concepts such as the VC-dimension and Rademacher complexity
to analyze generalization error bounds for classification problems. - A modified transformer
encoder in combination with a CRF layer representing a model with the capability to capture global dependency and enforce
dependencies in temporal aspects. - A state-of-the-art model for multimodal and multivariate time series with a transformer encoder
to learn asymmetric correlations across modalities. - An alternative to the previous model, representing it with a GRN layer replacing
the context aggregation layer and a CRF layer added as the last layer. - MDCSA1,4,7 4APS, as an ablation study, with our proposed
network (i.e.