represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e. Evaluation on this dataset, including individuals with and
without PD, demonstrates that our network outperforms other methods across all cross-validation categories.
(2) We demonstrate how accurate room-level localization predictions can be transformed into in-home gait speed biomarkers (e.g.,
number of room-to-room transitions, room-to-room transition duration). These biomarkers can effectively classify the OFF or ON
medication state of a PD patient from this pilot study data.
2 Related Work
Extensive research has utilized home-based passive sensing systems to evaluate how the activities and behavior of individuals with
neurological conditions, primarily cognitive dysfunction, change over time. However, there is limited work assessing room use in
the home setting in people with Parkinson’s.
However, as the disease advances, a significant portion of patients begin to experience "wearing off" of their medication before
the next scheduled dose, resulting in the reappearance of parkinsonian symptoms, such as slowed gait. These fluctuations in
symptoms negatively impact patients’ quality of life and often necessitate adjustments to their medication regimen. The severity
of motor symptoms can escalate to the point where they impede an individual’s ability to walk and move within their own home.
Consequently, individuals may be inclined to remain confined to a single room, and when they do move, they may require more time
to transition between rooms. These observations could potentially be used to identify periods when PD patients are experiencing
