Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.sample, there will be a corresponding demographic feature data sample that is used to train a different binary classifier to predict
whether a person with PD is ON or OFF medications.
**Ethical approval:** Full approval from the NHS Wales Research Ethics Committee was granted on December 17, 2019, and
Health Research Authority and Health and Care Research Wales approval was confirmed on January 14, 2020; the research was
3
conducted in accord with the Helsinki Declaration of 1975; written informed consent was gained from all study participants. In
order to protect participant privacy, supporting data is not shared openly. It will be made available to bona fide researchers subject to
a data access agreement.
4 Methodologies and Framework
industries as it enables them to anticipate and address potential challenges. This study focuses on
questions spanning the political, economic, and social domains, utilizing forecasts submitted by a
crowd of individuals without specialized training. Each forecast comprises a prediction and a natural
language justification.
6
The research demonstrates that aggregating the weighted predictions of forecasters is a solid baseline
for calling a question throughout its duration. However, models that incorporate both the question
and the justifications achieve significantly better results, particularly during the first three quartiles of
a question’s life. Importantly, the models developed in this study do not profile individual forecasters
or utilize any information about their identities. This work lays the groundwork for evaluating the
