represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e.layers: 1) an input layer, 2) an embedding layer, 3) a hidden layer, and 4) an output layer. The input
3
layer consists of two integers that indicate the indices of a compound’s constituents in the embedding
layer, where the word embedding vectors are stored. These selected vectors are then passed to a fully
connected hidden layer, the size of which matches the dimensionality of the word embedding vectors.
Finally, a softmax function is applied to the output layer to select the most probable relation.
The compound’s constituents are represented using a 300-dimensional word embedding model trained
on an English Wikipedia dump and the English Gigaword Fifth Edition. The embedding model was
Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.