PCEDT have distinctly high ratios compared to other relations in Figure 2. These relations also
have the second-highest F1 score in their datasets—except for STL on PCEDT (see Tables 4 and
5). Lexical memorization is therefore a likely cause of these high F1 scores. We also observed that
lower ratios of relation-specific constituents correlate with lower F1 scores, such as APP and REG in
PCEDT. Based on these insights, we can’t dismiss the possibility that our models show some degree
of lexical memorization, despite manual analysis also presenting cases where models demonstrate
generalization and correct predictions in situations where lexical memorization is impossible.
8 Conclusion
The application of transfer and multi-task learning in natural language processing has gained sig-
nificant traction, yet considerable ambiguity persists regarding the effectiveness of particular task
characteristics and experimental setups. This research endeavors to clarify the benefits of TL and
MTL in the context of semantic interpretation of noun-noun compounds. By executing a sequence of
minimally contrasting experiments and conducting thorough analysis of results and prediction errors,
we demonstrate how both TL and MTL can mitigate the effects of class imbalance and drastically
enhance predictions for low-frequency relations. Overall, our TL, and particularly our MTL models,
are better at making predictions both quantitatively and qualitatively. Notably, the improvements are
research suggests that gains in noun-noun compound interpretation using word embeddings and
similar neural classification models might be due to lexical memorization. In other words, the models
learn that specific nouns are strong indicators of specific relations. To assess the role of lexical
memorization in our models, we quantify the number of unseen compounds that the STL, TL, and
MTL models predict correctly.
We differentiate between ’partly’ and ’completely’ unseen compounds. A compound is ’partly’
unseen if one of its constituents (left or right) is not present in the training data. A ’completely’
unseen compound is one where neither the left nor the right constituent appears in the training data.
