Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation. Besides differing in the NLP tasks they investigate, the aforementioned
studies employ slightly varied definitions of TL and MTL. Our research aligns with certain studies in
that we apply TL and MTL to learn different semantic annotations of noun-noun compounds using
the same dataset. However, our experimental design is more akin to other work in that we experiment
with initializing parameters across all layers of the neural network and concurrently train a single
MTL model on two sets of relations.
3 Task Definition and Dataset
The objective of this task is to train a model to categorize the semantic relationships between pairs
of nouns in a labeled dataset, where each pair forms a noun-noun compound. The complexity of
Several recent studies have conducted extensive experiments on the application of TL and MTL to a
variety of NLP tasks, such as named entity recognition, semantic labeling, sentence-level sentiment
classification, super-tagging, chunking, and semantic dependency parsing. The consensus among
these studies is that the advantages of TL and MTL are largely contingent on the characteristics of the
tasks involved, including the unevenness of the data distribution, the semantic relatedness between
the source and target tasks, the learning trajectory of the auxiliary and main tasks (where target tasks
that quickly reach a plateau benefit most from non-plateauing auxiliary tasks), and the structural
similarity between the tasks.