 These tables illustrate how PCEDT functors map to NomBank arguments
in the training split (Table 6) and vice versa (Table 7). Table 6 reveals that 80% of the compounds
annotated as TWHEN in PCEDT were annotated as ARGM-TMP in NomBank. Additionally, 47% of
ACT (Actor) relations map to ARG0 (Proto-Agent) in NomBank. While this mapping is not as distinct
as one might hope, it is still relatively high when compared to how other PCEDT relations map to
ARG0. The correspondence matrices also demonstrate that the presumed theoretical similarities
between NomBank and PCEDT relations do not always hold in practice. Consequently, the representation of the question is concatenated with the representation of
each forecast before being fed into the LSTM. Finally, the last hidden state of the LSTM is connected
to a fully connected layer with a single neuron and sigmoid activation to produce the final prediction
for the question.
4.3 Architecture Ablation
Experiments are carried out with the complete neural architecture, as described above, as well as
with variations where certain components are disabled. Specifically, the representation of a forecast
is manipulated by incorporating different combinations of information:
4
* Only the prediction. * The prediction and the representation of the question. * The prediction and
the representation of the justification. * The prediction, the representation of the question, and the
 For instance, the temporal and locative relations in
NomBank (ARGM-TMP and ARGM-LOC, respectively) and their PCEDT counterparts (TWHEN
and LOC) exhibit relatively consistent behavior across frameworks, as they annotate many of the
same compounds. However, some relations that are theoretically similar do not align well in practice.
For example, the functor AIM in PCEDT and the modifier argument ARGM-PNC in NomBank
express a somewhat related semantic concept (purpose), but there is minimal overlap between the
sets of compounds they annotate. Nevertheless, it is reasonable to assume that the semantic similarity
