Gait quantification using wearables or smartphones is an area where a significant amount of work has been done. Cameras can
also detect parkinsonian gait and some gait features, including step length and average walking speed. Time-of-flight devices,
which measure distances between the subject and the camera, have been used to assess medication adherence through gait analysis.
From free-living data, one approach to gait and room use evaluation in home settings is by emitting and detecting radio waves to
non-invasively track movement. Gait analysis using radio wave technology shows promise to track disease progression, severity, and
medication response. However, this approach cannot identify who is doing the movement and also suffers from technical issues
 Evaluation on this dataset, including individuals with and
without PD, demonstrates that our network outperforms other methods across all cross-validation categories.
(2) We demonstrate how accurate room-level localization predictions can be transformed into in-home gait speed biomarkers (e.g.,
number of room-to-room transitions, room-to-room transition duration). These biomarkers can effectively classify the OFF or ON
medication state of a PD patient from this pilot study data.
2 Related Work
Extensive research has utilized home-based passive sensing systems to evaluate how the activities and behavior of individuals with
neurological conditions, primarily cognitive dysfunction, change over time. However, there is limited work assessing room use in
the home setting in people with Parkinson’s.
 Localization could also provide valuable information in the measurement of other behaviors such as non-motor symptoms like
urinary function (e.g., how many times someone visits the toilet room overnight).
IoT-based platforms with sensors capturing various modalities of data, combined with machine learning, can be used for unobtrusive
and continuous indoor localization in home environments. Many of these techniques utilize radio-frequency signals, specifically the
Received Signal Strength Indication (RSSI), emitted by wearables and measured at access points (AP) throughout a home. These
signals estimate the user’s position based on perceived signal strength, creating radio-map features for each room. To improve
