particularly when collected from wrist-worn devices, which are a common and well-accepted placement location. Naively combining
accelerometer data with RSSI may degrade indoor localization performance due to varying tremor levels in the acceleration signal.
This work makes two primary contributions to address these challenges.
(1) We detail the use of RSSI, augmented by accelerometer data, to achieve room-level localization. Our proposed network
intelligently selects accelerometer features that can enhance RSSI performance in indoor localization. To rigorously assess our
method, we utilize a free-living dataset (where individuals live without external intervention) developed by our group, encompassing
diverse and unstructured movements as expected in real-world scenarios. A secondary goal is to determine if indoor localization, particularly in-home gait
speed features (like the time to walk between rooms), can be used to identify motor fluctuations by detecting if a
person with PD is taking their levodopa medication or not. The method is evaluated using a real-world dataset
collected in a free-living setting, where movements are varied and unstructured. Twenty-four participants, living
in pairs (one with PD and one control), resided in a sensor-equipped smart home for five days. The results show
that the proposed network surpasses other methods for indoor localization. The evaluation of the secondary goal
smartphone IMU sensor data and Wi-Fi-received signal strength indication (RSSI) measurements to estimate the exact location (in
Euclidean position X, Y) of a person in indoor environments. The proposed sensor fusion framework uses location fingerprinting in
combination with a pedestrian dead reckoning (PDR) algorithm to reduce positioning errors.
Looking at this multi-modality classification/regression problem from a time series perspective, there has been a lot of exploration
in tackling a problem where each modality can be categorized as multivariate time series data. LSTM and attention layers are
often used in parallel to directly transform raw multivariate time series data into a low-dimensional feature representation for each
modality.