would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
Safe Predictors for Input-Output Specification
Enforcement
Abstract
This paper presents an approach for designing neural networks, along with other
machine learning models, which adhere to a collection of input-output specifica-
tions. Our method involves the construction of a constrained predictor for each set
of compatible constraints, and combining these predictors in a safe manner using a
convex combination of their predictions. We demonstrate the applicability of this
method with synthetic datasets and on an aircraft collision avoidance problem.
1 Introduction
The increasing adoption of machine learning models, such as neural networks, in safety-critical
applications, such as autonomous vehicles and aircraft collision avoidance, highlights an urgent
need for the development of guarantees on safety and robustness. DNNs were then generated to approximate the learned policy, and Reluplex was
used to verify whether the DNNs satisfied the safeability property. This work found thousands of
counterexamples where the DNNs did not meet the criteria.
Our approach for designing a safe predictor ensures any collision avoidance system will meet the
safeability property by construction. Appendix C describes in detail how we apply our approach to
a subset of the VerticalCAS datasets using a conservative, convex approximation of the safeability
constraints. These constraints are defined such that if an aircraft state is in the "unsafeable region",
Aunsafeable ,i, for the ithadvisory, the score for that advisory must not be the highest, i.e.