represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e. However, because unpopular items have
limited interactions, they are usually modeled based on a small group of users. This limited focus can result in overfitting, as the
representations of unpopular items might not fully capture their features.
The disparity in the quantity of supervisory signals is essential for learning representations of both popular and unpopular items.
Specifically, popular items gain from a wealth of supervisory signals during the alignment process, which helps in effectively
learning their representations. On the other hand, unpopular items, which have a limited number of users providing supervision, are
more susceptible to overfitting. This is because there is insufficient representation learning for unpopular items, emphasizing the
effect of supervisory signal distribution on the quality of representation.applicability.
•Complex backgrounds and objects: The method has not been tested in environments with
complex backgrounds or highly intricate food objects.
•Capturing complexities: The method has not been evaluated under different capturing
complexities, such as varying distances and camera speeds.
•Pipeline complexity: For one-shot neural rendering, the team currently uses One-2-3-45.
They aim to use only the 2D diffusion model, Zero123, to reduce complexity and improve
efficiency.
6
Table 3: Quantitative Comparison with Ground Truth Using Chamfer Distance
L Id Team’s V ol. GT V ol. Ch. w/ t.m Ch. w/o t.m
1 40.06 38.