applicability.
•Complex backgrounds and objects: The method has not been tested in environments with
complex backgrounds or highly intricate food objects.
•Capturing complexities: The method has not been evaluated under different capturing
complexities, such as varying distances and camera speeds.
•Pipeline complexity: For one-shot neural rendering, the team currently uses One-2-3-45.
They aim to use only the 2D diffusion model, Zero123, to reduce complexity and improve
efficiency.
6
Table 3: Quantitative Comparison with Ground Truth Using Chamfer Distance
L Id Team’s V ol. GT V ol. Ch. w/ t.m Ch. w/o t.m
1 40.06 38.represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e.which capture red-green-blue (RGB) and depth data 2-3 hours daily (during daylight hours at times when participants were at home).
The videos were then manually annotated to the nearest millisecond to provide localization labels. Multiple human labelers used
software called ELAN to watch up to 4 simultaneously-captured video files at a time. The resulting labeled data recorded the kitchen,
hallway, dining room, living room, stairs, and porch. The duration of labeled data recorded by the cameras for PD and HC is 72.84
and 75.31 hours, respectively, which provides a relatively balanced label set for our room-level classification. Finally, to evaluate
