It has been suggested that we cannot rely on RSSI alone for indoor localization in home environments for PD subjects due to
shadowing rooms with tight separation. Some researchers combine RSSI signals and inertial measurement unit (IMU) data to test
the viability of leveraging other sensors in aiding the positioning system to produce a more accurate location estimate. Classic
machine learning approaches such as Random Forest (RF), Artificial Neural Network (ANN), and k-Nearest Neighbor (k-NN) are
tested, and the result shows that the RF outperforms other methods in tracking a person in indoor environments. Others combine
undertake scripted activities such as moving from room to room) to fully validate the performance of our approach in other settings.
6 Conclusion
We have presented the MDCSA model, a new deep learning approach for indoor localization utilizing RSSI and wrist-worn
accelerometer data. The evaluation on our unique real-world free-living pilot dataset, which includes subjects with and without PD,
shows that MDCSA achieves state-of-the-art accuracy for indoor localization. The availability of accelerometer data does indeed
enrich the RSSI features, which, in turn, improves the accuracy of indoor localization.
Accurate room localization using these data modalities has a wide range of potential applications within healthcare. This could
We introduce Multihead Dual Convolutional Self Attention (MDCSA), a deep neural network that utilizes dual modalities for indoor
localization in home environments. The network addresses two challenges that arise from multimodality and time-series data:
(1) Capturing multivariate features and filtering multimodal noises. RSSI signals, which are measured at multiple access points
within a home received from wearable communication, have been widely used for indoor localization, typically using a fingerprinting
technique that produces a ground truth radio map of a home. Naturally, the wearable also produces acceleration measurements which
can be used to identify typical activities performed in a specific room, and thus we can explore if accelerometer data will enrich
