smartphone IMU sensor data and Wi-Fi-received signal strength indication (RSSI) measurements to estimate the exact location (in
Euclidean position X, Y) of a person in indoor environments. The proposed sensor fusion framework uses location fingerprinting in
combination with a pedestrian dead reckoning (PDR) algorithm to reduce positioning errors.
Looking at this multi-modality classification/regression problem from a time series perspective, there has been a lot of exploration
in tackling a problem where each modality can be categorized as multivariate time series data. LSTM and attention layers are
often used in parallel to directly transform raw multivariate time series data into a low-dimensional feature representation for each
modality.It has been suggested that we cannot rely on RSSI alone for indoor localization in home environments for PD subjects due to
shadowing rooms with tight separation. Some researchers combine RSSI signals and inertial measurement unit (IMU) data to test
the viability of leveraging other sensors in aiding the positioning system to produce a more accurate location estimate. Classic
machine learning approaches such as Random Forest (RF), Artificial Neural Network (ANN), and k-Nearest Neighbor (k-NN) are
tested, and the result shows that the RF outperforms other methods in tracking a person in indoor environments. Others combine
undertake scripted activities such as moving from room to room) to fully validate the performance of our approach in other settings.
6 Conclusion
We have presented the MDCSA model, a new deep learning approach for indoor localization utilizing RSSI and wrist-worn
accelerometer data. The evaluation on our unique real-world free-living pilot dataset, which includes subjects with and without PD,
shows that MDCSA achieves state-of-the-art accuracy for indoor localization. The availability of accelerometer data does indeed
enrich the RSSI features, which, in turn, improves the accuracy of indoor localization.
Accurate room localization using these data modalities has a wide range of potential applications within healthcare. This could
