function is smooth.
3 Application to Aircraft Collision Avoidance
Aircraft collision avoidance requires robust safety guarantees. The Next-Generation Collision
Avoidance System (ACAS X), which issues advisories to prevent near mid-air collisions, has both
manned (ACAS Xa) and unmanned (ACAS Xu) variants. The system was originally designed to
choose optimal advisories while minimizing disruptive alerts by solving a partially observable Markov
decision process. The solution took the form of a large look-up table, mapping each possible input
combination to scores for all possible advisories. The advisory with the highest score would then be
issued.undertake scripted activities such as moving from room to room) to fully validate the performance of our approach in other settings.
6 Conclusion
We have presented the MDCSA model, a new deep learning approach for indoor localization utilizing RSSI and wrist-worn
accelerometer data. The evaluation on our unique real-world free-living pilot dataset, which includes subjects with and without PD,
shows that MDCSA achieves state-of-the-art accuracy for indoor localization. The availability of accelerometer data does indeed
enrich the RSSI features, which, in turn, improves the accuracy of indoor localization.
Accurate room localization using these data modalities has a wide range of potential applications within healthcare. This could
 These models may be required
to satisfy specific input-output specifications to ensure the algorithms comply with physical laws,
can be executed safely, and are consistent with prior domain knowledge. Furthermore, these models
should demonstrate adversarial robustness, meaning their outputs should not change abruptly within
small input regions – a property that neural networks often fail to satisfy.
Recent studies have shown the capacity to verify formally input-output specifications and adversarial
robustness properties of neural networks. For instance, the Satisability Modulo Theory (SMT) solver
Reluplex was employed to verify properties of networks being used in the Next-Generation Aircraft
Collision Avoidance System for Unmanned aircraft (ACAS Xu).