particularly when collected from wrist-worn devices, which are a common and well-accepted placement location. Naively combining
accelerometer data with RSSI may degrade indoor localization performance due to varying tremor levels in the acceleration signal.
This work makes two primary contributions to address these challenges.
(1) We detail the use of RSSI, augmented by accelerometer data, to achieve room-level localization. Our proposed network
intelligently selects accelerometer features that can enhance RSSI performance in indoor localization. To rigorously assess our
method, we utilize a free-living dataset (where individuals live without external intervention) developed by our group, encompassing
diverse and unstructured movements as expected in real-world scenarios.smartphone IMU sensor data and Wi-Fi-received signal strength indication (RSSI) measurements to estimate the exact location (in
Euclidean position X, Y) of a person in indoor environments. The proposed sensor fusion framework uses location fingerprinting in
combination with a pedestrian dead reckoning (PDR) algorithm to reduce positioning errors.
Looking at this multi-modality classification/regression problem from a time series perspective, there has been a lot of exploration
in tackling a problem where each modality can be categorized as multivariate time series data. LSTM and attention layers are
often used in parallel to directly transform raw multivariate time series data into a low-dimensional feature representation for each
modality.noisy estimate of the distance from the wearable to the access point. RSSI signals are not stable; they fluctuate randomly due to
shadowing, fading, and multi-path effects. However, many techniques have been proposed in recent years to tackle these fluctuations
and indirectly improve localization accuracy. Some works utilize deep neural networks (DNN) to generate coarse positioning
estimates from RSSI signals, which are then refined by a hidden Markov model (HMM) to produce a final location estimate. Other
works try to utilize a time series of RSSI data and exploit the temporal connections within each access point to estimate room-level
position. A CNN is used to build localization models to further leverage the temporal dependencies across time-series readings.
