Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.provided by a single expert. A classic example of this concept is the observation that the median
estimate of an ox’s weight from a large group of fair attendees was remarkably close to the actual
weight. While generally supported, the idea is not without its limitations. Historical examples
demonstrate instances where crowds behaved irrationally, and even a world chess champion was able
to defeat the combined moves of a crowd.
In the current era, the advantages of collective intelligence are widely utilized. For example, Wikipedia
relies on the contributions of volunteers, and community-driven question-answering platforms have
garnered significant attention from the research community. When compiling information from
represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e.