Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation.improve its F1 scores for less common yet more challenging semantic relations.
1 Introduction
Noun-noun compound interpretation involves determining the semantic connection between two
nouns (or noun phrases in multi-word compounds). For instance, in the compound "street protest,"
the task is to identify the semantic relationship between "street" and "protest," which is a locative
relation in this example. Given the prevalence of noun-noun compounds in natural language and its
significance to other natural language processing (NLP) tasks like question answering and information
retrieval, understanding noun-noun compounds has been extensively studied in theoretical linguistics,
psycholinguistics, and computational linguistics.
Several recent studies have conducted extensive experiments on the application of TL and MTL to a
variety of NLP tasks, such as named entity recognition, semantic labeling, sentence-level sentiment
classification, super-tagging, chunking, and semantic dependency parsing. The consensus among
these studies is that the advantages of TL and MTL are largely contingent on the characteristics of the
tasks involved, including the unevenness of the data distribution, the semantic relatedness between
the source and target tasks, the learning trajectory of the auxiliary and main tasks (where target tasks
that quickly reach a plateau benefit most from non-plateauing auxiliary tasks), and the structural
similarity between the tasks.