Similarly, researchers have examined how language provides insights into interpersonal interactions
and relationships. In terms of language form and function, prior research has investigated politeness,
empathy, advice, condolences, usefulness, and deception. Related to the current study’s focus,
researchers have examined the influence of Wikipedia editors and studied influence levels within
online communities. Persuasion has also been analyzed from a computational perspective, including
within the context of dialogue systems. The work presented here complements these previous studies.
The goal is to identify credible justifications to improve the aggregation of crowdsourced forecasts,
without explicitly targeting any of the aforementioned characteristics.
Within the field of computational linguistics, the task most closely related to this research is argumen-
tation. Prior research includes
both predictive models (using language samples to predict attributes about the author) and models
that provide valuable insights (using language samples and author attributes to identify differentiating
linguistic features). Previous studies have examined factors such as gender and age, political ideology,
health outcomes, and personality traits. In this paper, models are constructed to predict outcomes
based on crowd-sourced forecasts without knowledge of individual forecasters’ identities.
Previous research has also explored how language use varies depending on the relationships between
individuals. For instance, studies have analyzed language patterns in social networks, online commu-
nities, and corporate emails to understand how individuals in positions of authority communicate.
represents how active PD subjects are within a certain period of time, while ’Room-to-room Transition Duration’ may provide
insight into how severe their disease is by the speed with which they navigate their home environment. With the layout of the house
where participants stayed, the hallway is used as a hub connecting all other rooms labeled, and ’Room-to-room Transition’ shows
the transition duration (in seconds) between two rooms connected by the hallway. The transition between (1) kitchen and living
room, (2) kitchen and dining room, and (3) dining room and living room are chosen as the features due to their commonality across
all participants. For these features, we limit the transition time duration (i.e.