To better comprehend lexical memorization’s impact, we present the ratio of relation-specific con-
stituents in both NomBank and PCEDT, as depicted in Figure 2. We define a relation-specific
constituent as a left or right constituent that appears with only one specific relation within the training
data. Its ratio is calculated as its proportion in the full set of left or right constituents for each
8
relation. Analyzing Figure 2 reveals that NomBank relations possess higher ratios of relation-specific
constituents compared to PCEDT. This potentially makes learning the former easier if the model
solely relies on lexical memorization. Additionally, ARGM-TMP in NomBank and TWHEN in
observed on the ’most challenging’ inputs that include at least one constituent that was not present in
the training data. However, clear indications of ’lexical memorization’ effects are evident in our error
analysis of unseen compounds.
Typically, the transfer of representations or sharing between tasks is more effective at the embedding
layers, which represent the model’s internal representation of the compound constituents. Furthermore,
in multi-task learning, the complete sharing of model architecture across tasks degrades its capacity
to generalize when it comes to less frequent relations.
The dataset provided by Fares (2016) is an appealing resource for new neural approaches to compound
interpretation because it links this sub-problem with broad-coverage semantic role labeling or
 Consequently, the representation of the question is concatenated with the representation of
each forecast before being fed into the LSTM. Finally, the last hidden state of the LSTM is connected
to a fully connected layer with a single neuron and sigmoid activation to produce the final prediction
for the question.
4.3 Architecture Ablation
Experiments are carried out with the complete neural architecture, as described above, as well as
with variations where certain components are disabled. Specifically, the representation of a forecast
is manipulated by incorporating different combinations of information:
4
* Only the prediction. * The prediction and the representation of the question. * The prediction and
the representation of the justification. * The prediction, the representation of the question, and the
