particularly when collected from wrist-worn devices, which are a common and well-accepted placement location. Naively combining
accelerometer data with RSSI may degrade indoor localization performance due to varying tremor levels in the acceleration signal.
This work makes two primary contributions to address these challenges.
(1) We detail the use of RSSI, augmented by accelerometer data, to achieve room-level localization. Our proposed network
intelligently selects accelerometer features that can enhance RSSI performance in indoor localization. To rigorously assess our
method, we utilize a free-living dataset (where individuals live without external intervention) developed by our group, encompassing
diverse and unstructured movements as expected in real-world scenarios. A secondary goal is to determine if indoor localization, particularly in-home gait
speed features (like the time to walk between rooms), can be used to identify motor fluctuations by detecting if a
person with PD is taking their levodopa medication or not. The method is evaluated using a real-world dataset
collected in a free-living setting, where movements are varied and unstructured. Twenty-four participants, living
in pairs (one with PD and one control), resided in a sensor-equipped smart home for five days. The results show
that the proposed network surpasses other methods for indoor localization. The evaluation of the secondary goal
Detecting Medication Usage in Parkinson’s Disease Through
Multi-modal Indoor Positioning: A Pilot Study in a Naturalistic
Environment
Abstract
Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that leads to motor symptoms, including gait
impairment. The effectiveness of levodopa therapy, a common treatment for PD, can fluctuate, causing periods of
improved mobility ("on" state) and periods where symptoms re-emerge ("off" state). These fluctuations impact
gait speed and increase in severity as the disease progresses. This paper proposes a transformer-based method that
uses both Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) and accelerometer data from wearable devices to enhance
indoor localization accuracy.