Participants were tasked with creating 3D models of 20 distinct food items from 2D images, mim-
icking scenarios where mobile devices equipped with depth-sensing cameras are used for dietary
.
recording and nutritional tracking. The challenge was segmented into three tiers of difficulty based
on the number of images provided: approximately 200 images for easy, 30 for medium, and a single
top-view image for hard. This design aimed to rigorously test the adaptability and resilience of
proposed solutions under various realistic conditions. A notable feature of this challenge was the use
of a visible checkerboard for physical referencing and the provision of depth images for each frame,
include tracking of gait speed during rehabilitation from orthopedic surgery, monitoring wandering behavior in dementia, or
triggering an alert for a possible fall (and long lie on the floor) if someone is in one room for an unusual length of time. Furthermore,
accurate room use and room-to-room transfer statistics could be used in occupational settings, e.g., to check factory worker location.
7
Table 1: Room-level and medication state accuracy of all models. Standard deviation is shown in (.), the best performer is bold,
while the second best is italicized. Note that our proposed model is the one named MDCSA1,4,7
!Training ModelRoom-Level Localisation Medication State
Detecting Medication Usage in Parkinson’s Disease Through
Multi-modal Indoor Positioning: A Pilot Study in a Naturalistic
Environment
Abstract
Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that leads to motor symptoms, including gait
impairment. The effectiveness of levodopa therapy, a common treatment for PD, can fluctuate, causing periods of
improved mobility ("on" state) and periods where symptoms re-emerge ("off" state). These fluctuations impact
gait speed and increase in severity as the disease progresses. This paper proposes a transformer-based method that
uses both Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) and accelerometer data from wearable devices to enhance
indoor localization accuracy.