include tracking of gait speed during rehabilitation from orthopedic surgery, monitoring wandering behavior in dementia, or
triggering an alert for a possible fall (and long lie on the floor) if someone is in one room for an unusual length of time. Furthermore,
accurate room use and room-to-room transfer statistics could be used in occupational settings, e.g., to check factory worker location.
7
Table 1: Room-level and medication state accuracy of all models. Standard deviation is shown in (.), the best performer is bold,
while the second best is italicized. Note that our proposed model is the one named MDCSA1,4,7
!Training ModelRoom-Level Localisation Medication State
 A secondary goal is to determine if indoor localization, particularly in-home gait
speed features (like the time to walk between rooms), can be used to identify motor fluctuations by detecting if a
person with PD is taking their levodopa medication or not. The method is evaluated using a real-world dataset
collected in a free-living setting, where movements are varied and unstructured. Twenty-four participants, living
in pairs (one with PD and one control), resided in a sensor-equipped smart home for five days. The results show
that the proposed network surpasses other methods for indoor localization. The evaluation of the secondary goal
Detecting Medication Usage in Parkinson’s Disease Through
Multi-modal Indoor Positioning: A Pilot Study in a Naturalistic
Environment
Abstract
Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that leads to motor symptoms, including gait
impairment. The effectiveness of levodopa therapy, a common treatment for PD, can fluctuate, causing periods of
improved mobility ("on" state) and periods where symptoms re-emerge ("off" state). These fluctuations impact
gait speed and increase in severity as the disease progresses. This paper proposes a transformer-based method that
uses both Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) and accelerometer data from wearable devices to enhance
indoor localization accuracy.