Detecting Medication Usage in Parkinson’s Disease Through
Multi-modal Indoor Positioning: A Pilot Study in a Naturalistic
Environment
Abstract
Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that leads to motor symptoms, including gait
impairment. The effectiveness of levodopa therapy, a common treatment for PD, can fluctuate, causing periods of
improved mobility ("on" state) and periods where symptoms re-emerge ("off" state). These fluctuations impact
gait speed and increase in severity as the disease progresses. This paper proposes a transformer-based method that
uses both Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) and accelerometer data from wearable devices to enhance
indoor localization accuracy.motor fluctuations related to their medication being in an ON or OFF state, thereby providing valuable information to both clinicians
and patients.
A sensitive and accurate ecologically-validated biomarker for PD progression is currently unavailable, which has contributed to
failures in clinical trials for neuroprotective therapies in PD. Gait parameters are sensitive to disease progression in unmedicated
early-stage PD and show promise as markers of disease progression, making measuring gait parameters potentially useful in clinical
trials of disease-modifying interventions. Clinical evaluations of PD are typically conducted in artificial clinic or laboratory settings,
which only capture a limited view of an individual’s motor function. Continuous monitoring could capture symptom progression,
including motor fluctuations, and sensitively quantify them over time.
Gait quantification using wearables or smartphones is an area where a significant amount of work has been done. Cameras can
also detect parkinsonian gait and some gait features, including step length and average walking speed. Time-of-flight devices,
which measure distances between the subject and the camera, have been used to assess medication adherence through gait analysis.
From free-living data, one approach to gait and room use evaluation in home settings is by emitting and detecting radio waves to
non-invasively track movement. Gait analysis using radio wave technology shows promise to track disease progression, severity, and
medication response. However, this approach cannot identify who is doing the movement and also suffers from technical issues
