Safe Predictors for Input-Output Specification
Enforcement
Abstract
This paper presents an approach for designing neural networks, along with other
machine learning models, which adhere to a collection of input-output specifica-
tions. Our method involves the construction of a constrained predictor for each set
of compatible constraints, and combining these predictors in a safe manner using a
convex combination of their predictions. We demonstrate the applicability of this
method with synthetic datasets and on an aircraft collision avoidance problem.
1 Introduction
The increasing adoption of machine learning models, such as neural networks, in safety-critical
applications, such as autonomous vehicles and aircraft collision avoidance, highlights an urgent
need for the development of guarantees on safety and robustness. For overall method performance, Table 4 shows
the MAPE and Chamfer distance with and without transformation metrics.
Additionally, qualitative results on one- and few-shot 3D reconstruction from the challenge dataset
are shown. The model excels in texture details, artifact correction, missing data handling, and color
adjustment across different scene parts.
Limitations: Despite promising results, several limitations need to be addressed in future work:
•Manual processes: The current pipeline includes manual steps like providing segmentation
prompts and identifying scaling factors, which should be automated to enhance efficiency.
•Input requirements: The method requires extensive input information, including food
masks and depth data. Streamlining these inputs would simplify the process and increase
3 53.4 57.2
I3D + pyramid 53.2 56.7 58.7
I3D + LSTM 48.2 53.1 53.1
I3D + temporal conv 52.8 57.1 58.4
I3D + sub-events 55.5 61.2 61.3
Table 5 shows the average precision for each activity class. Learning temporal structure is particularly
beneficial for frame-based features (e.g., InceptionV3), which capture less temporal information
5
compared to segment-based features (e.g., I3D). Sub-event learning significantly aids in detecting
