i=1, keyframes {IK
j}k
j=1⊆ {IDi}n
i=1are
chosen. A method is implemented to detect and remove duplicate and blurry images, ensuring
high-quality frames. This involves applying a Gaussian blurring kernel followed by the fast Fourier
transform method. Near-Image Similarity uses perceptual hashing and Hamming distance threshold-
ing to detect similar images and retain overlapping ones. Duplicates and blurry images are excluded
to maintain data integrity and accuracy.
Using the selected keyframes {IK
j}k
j=1, the team estimates camera poses through a method called
Safe Predictors for Input-Output Specification
Enforcement
Abstract
This paper presents an approach for designing neural networks, along with other
machine learning models, which adhere to a collection of input-output specifica-
tions. Our method involves the construction of a constrained predictor for each set
of compatible constraints, and combining these predictors in a safe manner using a
convex combination of their predictions. We demonstrate the applicability of this
method with synthetic datasets and on an aircraft collision avoidance problem.
1 Introduction
The increasing adoption of machine learning models, such as neural networks, in safety-critical
applications, such as autonomous vehicles and aircraft collision avoidance, highlights an urgent
need for the development of guarantees on safety and robustness.L/2,L/4, and L/8, resulting in 14 segments per window. Max-pooling is applied to each segment,
and the pooled features are concatenated, yielding a 14×D-dimensional representation for each
window, which is then used as input to the classifier.
For temporal convolutional models in continuous videos, we modify the segmented video approach by
learning a temporal convolutional kernel of length Land convolving it with the input video features.
This operation transforms input of size T×Dinto output of size T×D, followed by a per-frame
classifier. This enables the model to aggregate local temporal information.
