• a standard neural network architecture gb:X→Rm,
and then defining Gb(x;θb) =hb(gb(x;θb)).
The framework proposed here does not require an entirely separate network for each b. In many
applications, it may be advantageous for the constrained predictors to share earlier layers, thus
creating a shared representation of the input space. In addition, our definition of the safe predictor is
general and is not limited to neural networks.
In Appendix B, we show examples of applying our approach to synthetic datasets in 2-D and 3-D
with simple neural networks. These examples show that our safe predictor can enforce arbitrary
input-output specifications using convex output constraints on neural networks, and that the learned
 Reluplex has also been used to
verify adversarial robustness. While Reluplex and other similar techniques can effectively determine
if a network satisfies a given specification, they do not offer a way to guarantee that the network will
meet those specifications. Therefore, additional methods are needed to adjust networks if it is found
that they are not meeting the desired properties.
There has been an increase in techniques for designing networks with certified adversarial robustness,
but enforcing more general safety properties in neural networks is still largely unexplored. One ap-
proach to achieving provably correct neural networks is through abstraction-refinement optimization.
This approach has been applied to the ACAS-Xu dataset, but the network was not guaranteed to meet
 Furthermore, we introduce a modified
version of EG that incorporates an adaptive step size, eliminating the need for prior knowledge of the problem’s
specific parameters.
1 Introduction
The recent advancements in machine learning models, particularly those that can be formulated as min-max optimization problems,
have generated significant interest in saddle point problems. Examples of these models include generative adversarial networks,
adversarial learning frameworks, adversarial example games, and actor-critic methods. While practical methods have been developed
that generally perform well, the theoretical understanding of scenarios where the objective function is nonconvex in the minimization
component and nonconcave in the maximization component remains limited, with some research even suggesting intractability in
certain cases.
