trained by Fares et al. (2017). If a word is not found during lookup in the embedding model, we
check if the word is uppercased and attempt to find the lowercase version. For hyphenated words
not found in the embedding vocabulary, we split the word at the hyphen and average the vectors of
its parts, if they are present in the vocabulary. If the word remains unrepresented after these steps, a
designated vector for unknown words is employed.
5.1.1 Architecture and Hyperparameters
Our selection of hyperparameters is informed by multiple rounds of experimentation with the single-
task learning model, as well as the choices made by prior work. The weights of the embedding layer
and MTL models are trained using the same hyperparameters as the STL model.
5.2 Transfer Learning Models
In our experiments, transfer learning involves training an STL model on PCEDT relations and then
using some of its weights to initialize another model for NomBank relations. Given the neural
classifier architecture detailed in Section 5.1, we identify three ways to implement TL: 1) TLE:
Transferring the embedding layer weights, 2) TLH: Transferring the hidden layer weights, and 3)
TLEH: Transferring both the embedding and hidden layer weights. Furthermore, we differentiate
between transfer learning from PCEDT to NomBank and vice versa. This results in six setups,
generating the refined embedding at time step t, its decision is independent; it does not take into account the actual decision made by
other refined embeddings t. We use a CRF layer to cover just that, i.e., to maximize the probability of the refined embeddings of all
time steps, so it can better model cases where refined embeddings closest to one another must be compatible (i.e., minimizing the
possibility for impossible room transitions). When finding the best sequence of room location ˆyt, the Viterbi Algorithm is used as a
standard for the CRF layer.
For the second layer, we choose a particular room as a reference and perform a binary classification at each time step t. The binary
