Broader Impact
Supervised machine learning now affects both personal and public lives significantly. Generalization is
critical to the reliability and safety of empirically trained models. Our analysis aims to achieve a deeper
understanding of the relationships between generalization, architectural design, and available data.
We have discussed the concepts and demonstrated the effectiveness of using uniform concentration
events for generalization guarantees of common supervised machine learning algorithms.
7
A key reason for utilizing multi-task learning is to enhance generalization by making use of the
domain-specific details present in the training data of related tasks. In this study, we demonstrate that
TL and MTL can serve as a form of regularization, enabling the prediction of infrequent relations
within a dataset marked by a highly skewed distribution of relations. This dataset is particularly
well-suited for TL and MTL experimentation, as elaborated in Section 3.
Our contributions are summarized as follows:
1. Through meticulous analysis of results, we discover that TL and MTL, especially when applied
to the embedding layer, enhance overall accuracy and F1 scores for less frequent relations in a
would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
