applicability.
•Complex backgrounds and objects: The method has not been tested in environments with
complex backgrounds or highly intricate food objects.
•Capturing complexities: The method has not been evaluated under different capturing
complexities, such as varying distances and camera speeds.
•Pipeline complexity: For one-shot neural rendering, the team currently uses One-2-3-45.
They aim to use only the 2D diffusion model, Zero123, to reduce complexity and improve
efficiency.
6
Table 3: Quantitative Comparison with Ground Truth Using Chamfer Distance
L Id Team’s V ol. GT V ol. Ch. w/ t.m Ch. w/o t.m
1 40.06 38. They select the best reconstruction results from these methods and
extract the mesh. The extracted mesh is scaled using the estimated scale factor, and optimization
techniques are applied to obtain a refined mesh.
For the last five single-view objects, the team experiments with several single-view reconstruction
methods, including Zero123, Zero123++, One2345, ZeroNVS, and DreamGaussian. They choose
ZeroNVS to obtain a 3D food model consistent with the distribution of the input image. The
intrinsic camera parameters from the fifteenth object are used, and an optimization method based
on reprojection error refines the extrinsic parameters of the single camera. Due to limitations in
In this work, we contribute to a generalization theory for shallow ReLU networks, by giving uniform
generalization error bounds within the empirical risk’s sublevel set. We use methods from the analysis
of convex linear regression, where generalization bounds for empirical risk minimizers are derived
from recent advancements in stochastic processes’ chaining theory. Empirical risk minimization
for non-convex hypothesis functions cannot generally be solved efficiently. However, under certain
assumptions, it is still possible to derive generalization error bounds, as we demonstrate in this paper
for shallow ReLU networks. Existing works have applied methods from compressed sensing to
bound generalization errors for arbitrary hypothesis functions. However, they do not capture the
