Safe Predictors for Input-Output Specification
Enforcement
Abstract
This paper presents an approach for designing neural networks, along with other
machine learning models, which adhere to a collection of input-output specifica-
tions. Our method involves the construction of a constrained predictor for each set
of compatible constraints, and combining these predictors in a safe manner using a
convex combination of their predictions. We demonstrate the applicability of this
method with synthetic datasets and on an aircraft collision avoidance problem.
1 Introduction
The increasing adoption of machine learning models, such as neural networks, in safety-critical
applications, such as autonomous vehicles and aircraft collision avoidance, highlights an urgent
need for the development of guarantees on safety and robustness.different positive and negative samples to mitigate representation separation from a popularity-centric perspective. We incorporate
this approach into contrastive learning to better optimize the consistency of representations. Specifically, we aim to reduce the risk
of pushing items with varying popularity further apart. For example, when using a popular item as a positive sample, our goal is
to avoid pushing unpopular items too far away. Thus, we introduce two hyperparameters to control the weights when items are
considered positive and negative samples.
To ensure balanced and equitable representations of items within our model, we first propose a dynamic strategy to categorize items
into popular and unpopular groups for each mini-batch. Instead of relying on a fixed global threshold, which often leads to the
would also increase the generalizability of the results to the wider population. Future work in this matter could also include the
construction of a semi-synthetic dataset based on collected data to facilitate a parallel and large-scale evaluation.
This smart home’s layout and parameters remain constant for all the participants, and we acknowledge that the transfer of this deep
learning model to other varied home settings may introduce variations in localization accuracy. For future ecological validation and
based on our current results, we anticipate the need for pre-training (e.g., a brief walkaround which is labeled) for each home, and
also suggest that some small amount of ground-truth data will need to be collected (e.g., researcher prompting of study participants to
