 This method refined the uniformity of representations and successfully reduced separation. We
validated our method, PAAC, on three publicly available datasets, demonstrating its effectiveness and underlying rationale.
In the future, we will explore deeper alignment and contrast adjustments tailored to specific tasks to further mitigate popularity
bias. We aim to investigate the synergies between alignment and contrast and extend our approach to address other biases in
recommendation systems.
Acknowledgments
This work was supported in part by grants from the National Key Research and Development Program of China, the National Natural
Science Foundation of China, the Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities, and Quan Cheng Laboratory.
8
provided by a single expert. A classic example of this concept is the observation that the median
estimate of an ox’s weight from a large group of fair attendees was remarkably close to the actual
weight. While generally supported, the idea is not without its limitations. Historical examples
demonstrate instances where crowds behaved irrationally, and even a world chess champion was able
to defeat the combined moves of a crowd.
In the current era, the advantages of collective intelligence are widely utilized. For example, Wikipedia
relies on the contributions of volunteers, and community-driven question-answering platforms have
garnered significant attention from the research community. When compiling information from
50% on the Gowalla and Yelp2018 datasets, respectively.
This indicates that our method treats items from different groups fairly, effectively alleviating the impact of popularity
bias. This success can be attributed to our re-weighted contrast module, which addresses representation separation from a
popularity-centric perspective, resulting in more consistent recommendation results across different groups.
3.5 Hyperparameter Sensitivities
In this section, we analyze the impact of hyperparameters in PAAC. Firstly, we investigate the influence of λ1andλ2, which
respectively control the impact of the popularity-aware supervised alignment and re-weighting contrast loss. Additionally, in the
