highly skewed dataset, compared to a robust single-task learning baseline. 2. Although our research
concentrates on TL and MTL, we present, to our knowledge, the first experimental results on the
relatively recent dataset from Fares (2016).
2 Related Work
Approaches to interpreting noun-noun compounds differ based on the classification of compound
relations, as well as the machine learning models and features employed to learn these relations. For
instance, some define a broad set of relations, while others employ a more detailed classification.
Some researchers challenge the idea that noun-noun compounds can be interpreted using a fixed,
predetermined set of relations, proposing alternative methods based on paraphrasing. We center
This paper introduces MLB-YouTube, a novel dataset that includes densely annotated frames of activi-
ties extracted from broadcast baseball videos. Unlike many current datasets for activity recognition or
detection, our dataset emphasizes fine-grained activity recognition. The differences between activities
are often minimal, primarily involving the movement of a single individual, with a consistent scene
structure across activities. The determination of activity is based on a single camera perspective. This
study compares various methods for temporal feature aggregation, both for classifying activities in
segmented videos and for detecting them in continuous video streams.
2 Related Work
The field of activity recognition has garnered substantial attention in computer vision research. Initial
successes were achieved with hand-engineered features such as dense trajectories.79%, and 82.89% in NDCG@20 on the
Yelp2018, Gowalla, and Amazon-Book datasets, respectively. Compared to the strongest baselines, PAAC delivers better
performance. The most significant improvements are observed on Yelp2018, where our model achieves an 8.70% increase
in Recall@20, a 10.81% increase in HR@20, and a 30.2% increase in NDCG@20. This improvement can be attributed
to our use of popularity-aware supervised alignment to enhance the representation of less popular items and re-weighted
contrastive learning to address representation separation from a popularity-centric perspective.
