observed on the ’most challenging’ inputs that include at least one constituent that was not present in
the training data. However, clear indications of ’lexical memorization’ effects are evident in our error
analysis of unseen compounds.
Typically, the transfer of representations or sharing between tasks is more effective at the embedding
layers, which represent the model’s internal representation of the compound constituents. Furthermore,
in multi-task learning, the complete sharing of model architecture across tasks degrades its capacity
to generalize when it comes to less frequent relations.
The dataset provided by Fares (2016) is an appealing resource for new neural approaches to compound
interpretation because it links this sub-problem with broad-coverage semantic role labeling or
To better comprehend lexical memorization’s impact, we present the ratio of relation-specific con-
stituents in both NomBank and PCEDT, as depicted in Figure 2. We define a relation-specific
constituent as a left or right constituent that appears with only one specific relation within the training
data. Its ratio is calculated as its proportion in the full set of left or right constituents for each
8
relation. Analyzing Figure 2 reveals that NomBank relations possess higher ratios of relation-specific
constituents compared to PCEDT. This potentially makes learning the former easier if the model
solely relies on lexical memorization. Additionally, ARGM-TMP in NomBank and TWHEN in
trained by Fares et al. (2017). If a word is not found during lookup in the embedding model, we
check if the word is uppercased and attempt to find the lowercase version. For hyphenated words
not found in the embedding vocabulary, we split the word at the hyphen and average the vectors of
its parts, if they are present in the vocabulary. If the word remains unrepresented after these steps, a
designated vector for unknown words is employed.
5.1.1 Architecture and Hyperparameters
Our selection of hyperparameters is informed by multiple rounds of experimentation with the single-
task learning model, as well as the choices made by prior work. The weights of the embedding layer
