preferences for recommendations.
3 Experiments
In this section, we assess the efficacy of PAAC through comprehensive experiments, aiming to address the following research
questions:
• How does PAAC compare to existing debiasing methods?
• How do different designed components play roles in our proposed PAAC?
3
• How does PAAC alleviate the popularity bias?
• How do different hyper-parameters affect the PAAC recommendation performance?
3.1 Experiments Settings
3.1.1 Datasets
In our experiments, we use three widely public datasets: Amazon-book, Yelp2018, and Gowalla. We retained users and items with a
minimum of 10 interactions.
3.1.2 Baselines and Evaluation Metrics
The Importance of Written Explanations in
Aggregating Crowdsourced Predictions
Abstract
This study demonstrates that incorporating the written explanations provided by
individuals when making predictions enhances the accuracy of aggregated crowd-
sourced forecasts. The research shows that while majority and weighted vote
methods are effective, the inclusion of written justifications improves forecast
accuracy throughout most of a question’s duration, with the exception of its final
phase. Furthermore, the study analyzes the attributes that differentiate reliable and
unreliable justifications.
1 Introduction
The concept of the "wisdom of the crowd" posits that combining information from numerous non-
expert individuals can produce answers that are as accurate as, or even more accurate than, those
We implement the state-of-the-art LightGCN to instantiate PAAC, aiming to investigate how it alleviates popularity bias. We
compare PAAC with several debiased baselines, including re-weighting-based models, decorrelation-based models, and contrastive
learning-based models.
We utilize three widely used metrics, namely Recall@K, HR@K, and NDCG@K, to evaluate the performance of Top-K recommen-
dation. Recall@K and HR@K assess the number of target items retrieved in the recommendation results, emphasizing coverage. In
contrast, NDCG@K evaluates the positions of target items in the ranking list, with a focus on their positions in the list. We use
