are updated during the training of all models. We utilize the Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam)
optimization function across all models, with a learning rate set to 0.001. The loss function employed
is the negative-log likelihood. A Sigmoid activation function is used for the units in the hidden layer.
All models are trained with mini-batches of size five. The maximum number of epochs is capped
at 50, but an early stopping criterion based on the model’s accuracy on the validation split is also
implemented. This means that training is halted if the validation accuracy does not improve over five
consecutive epochs. All models are implemented in Keras, using TensorFlow as the backend. The TL
which capture red-green-blue (RGB) and depth data 2-3 hours daily (during daylight hours at times when participants were at home).
The videos were then manually annotated to the nearest millisecond to provide localization labels. Multiple human labelers used
software called ELAN to watch up to 4 simultaneously-captured video files at a time. The resulting labeled data recorded the kitchen,
hallway, dining room, living room, stairs, and porch. The duration of labeled data recorded by the cameras for PD and HC is 72.84
and 75.31 hours, respectively, which provides a relatively balanced label set for our room-level classification. Finally, to evaluate
when the training data becomes limited, as in 4m-HC and 4m-PD validations, having extra capabilities is necessary to further
extract temporal information and correlations. Due to being a vanilla transformer requiring a considerable amount of training
data, the modified transformer encoder performs worst in these two validations. The state-of-the-art model performs quite well
6
due to its ability to capture local context via LSTM for each modality. However, in general, its performance suffers in both the
LOO-PD and 4m-PD validations as the accelerometer data (and modality) may be erratic due to PD and should be excluded at
times from contributing to room classification.