Detecting Medication Usage in Parkinson’s Disease Through
Multi-modal Indoor Positioning: A Pilot Study in a Naturalistic
Environment
Abstract
Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that leads to motor symptoms, including gait
impairment. The effectiveness of levodopa therapy, a common treatment for PD, can fluctuate, causing periods of
improved mobility ("on" state) and periods where symptoms re-emerge ("off" state). These fluctuations impact
gait speed and increase in severity as the disease progresses. This paper proposes a transformer-based method that
uses both Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) and accelerometer data from wearable devices to enhance
indoor localization accuracy. Evaluation on this dataset, including individuals with and
without PD, demonstrates that our network outperforms other methods across all cross-validation categories.
(2) We demonstrate how accurate room-level localization predictions can be transformed into in-home gait speed biomarkers (e.g.,
number of room-to-room transitions, room-to-room transition duration). These biomarkers can effectively classify the OFF or ON
medication state of a PD patient from this pilot study data.
2 Related Work
Extensive research has utilized home-based passive sensing systems to evaluate how the activities and behavior of individuals with
neurological conditions, primarily cognitive dysfunction, change over time. However, there is limited work assessing room use in
the home setting in people with Parkinson’s.
localization accuracy, accelerometer data from wearable devices, along with RSSI, can be used to distinguish different activities
(e.g., walking vs. standing). Since some activities are associated with specific rooms (e.g., stirring a pan on the stove is likely to
occur in a kitchen), accelerometer data can enhance RSSI’s ability to differentiate between adjacent rooms, an area where RSSI
alone may be insufficient.
The heterogeneity of PD, where symptoms and their severity vary between patients, poses a challenge for generalizing accelerometer
data across different individuals. Severe symptoms, such as tremors, can introduce bias and accumulated errors in accelerometer data,
