 Evaluation on this dataset, including individuals with and
without PD, demonstrates that our network outperforms other methods across all cross-validation categories.
(2) We demonstrate how accurate room-level localization predictions can be transformed into in-home gait speed biomarkers (e.g.,
number of room-to-room transitions, room-to-room transition duration). These biomarkers can effectively classify the OFF or ON
medication state of a PD patient from this pilot study data.
2 Related Work
Extensive research has utilized home-based passive sensing systems to evaluate how the activities and behavior of individuals with
neurological conditions, primarily cognitive dysfunction, change over time. However, there is limited work assessing room use in
the home setting in people with Parkinson’s.
particularly when collected from wrist-worn devices, which are a common and well-accepted placement location. Naively combining
accelerometer data with RSSI may degrade indoor localization performance due to varying tremor levels in the acceleration signal.
This work makes two primary contributions to address these challenges.
(1) We detail the use of RSSI, augmented by accelerometer data, to achieve room-level localization. Our proposed network
intelligently selects accelerometer features that can enhance RSSI performance in indoor localization. To rigorously assess our
method, we utilize a free-living dataset (where individuals live without external intervention) developed by our group, encompassing
diverse and unstructured movements as expected in real-world scenarios.Detecting Medication Usage in Parkinson’s Disease Through
Multi-modal Indoor Positioning: A Pilot Study in a Naturalistic
Environment
Abstract
Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that leads to motor symptoms, including gait
impairment. The effectiveness of levodopa therapy, a common treatment for PD, can fluctuate, causing periods of
improved mobility ("on" state) and periods where symptoms re-emerge ("off" state). These fluctuations impact
gait speed and increase in severity as the disease progresses. This paper proposes a transformer-based method that
uses both Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) and accelerometer data from wearable devices to enhance
indoor localization accuracy.