 This indicates that popular items receive more
supervisory information than unpopular items, resulting in poorer recommendation performance for unpopular items.
To tackle the issue of insufficient representation learning for unpopular items, we utilize the concept that items interacted with by the
same user share some similar characteristics. Specifically, we use similar supervisory signals in popular item representations to
improve the representations of unpopular items. We align the representations of items to provide more supervisory information to
unpopular items and improve their representation, as follows:
LSA=X
u∈U1
|Iu|X
i∈Iupop,j∈Iuunpop||f(i)−f(j)||2, (1)
•Different metrics across various datasets show varying improvements in model performance. This suggests that different
debiasing methods may need distinct optimization strategies for models. Additionally, we observe varying effects of PAAC
across different datasets. This difference could be due to the sparser nature of the Gowalla dataset. Conversely, our model
can directly provide supervisory signals for unpopular items and conduct intra-group optimization, consistently maintaining
optimal performance across all metrics on the three datasets.
3.3 Ablation Study
To better understand the effectiveness of each component in PAAC, we conduct ablation studies on three datasets. Table 2 presents a
comparison between PAAC and its variants on recommendation performance.unpopular items. α-AdjNorm enhances the focus on unpopular items by controlling the normalization strength during the
neighborhood aggregation process in GCN-based models.
•Decorrelation-based methods aim to effectively remove the correlations between item representations (or prediction scores)
and popularity. For instance, MACR uses counterfactual reasoning to eliminate the direct impact of popularity on item
outcomes. In contrast, InvCF operates on the principle that item representations remain invariant to changes in popularity
semantics, filtering out unstable or outdated popularity characteristics to learn unbiased representations.
•Contrastive-learning-based methods aim to achieve overall uniformity in item representations using InfoNCE, preserving
more inherent characteristics of items to mitigate popularity bias.