We confirm the efficacy and logic of PAAC in reducing popularity bias through thorough experiments on three
real-world datasets.
1 Introduction
Contemporary recommender systems are essential in reducing information overload. Personalized recommendations frequently
employ collaborative filtering (CF) to assist users in discovering items that may interest them. CF-based techniques primarily
learn user preferences and item attributes by matching the representations of users with the items they engage with. Despite their
achievements, CF-based methods frequently encounter the issue of popularity bias, which leads to considerable disparities in
accuracy between items that are popular and those that are not. Popularity bias occurs because there are limited supervisory signals
preferences for recommendations.
3 Experiments
In this section, we assess the efficacy of PAAC through comprehensive experiments, aiming to address the following research
questions:
• How does PAAC compare to existing debiasing methods?
• How do different designed components play roles in our proposed PAAC?
3
• How does PAAC alleviate the popularity bias?
• How do different hyper-parameters affect the PAAC recommendation performance?
3.1 Experiments Settings
3.1.1 Datasets
In our experiments, we use three widely public datasets: Amazon-book, Yelp2018, and Gowalla. We retained users and items with a
minimum of 10 interactions.
3.1.2 Baselines and Evaluation Metrics
•Different metrics across various datasets show varying improvements in model performance. This suggests that different
debiasing methods may need distinct optimization strategies for models. Additionally, we observe varying effects of PAAC
across different datasets. This difference could be due to the sparser nature of the Gowalla dataset. Conversely, our model
can directly provide supervisory signals for unpopular items and conduct intra-group optimization, consistently maintaining
optimal performance across all metrics on the three datasets.
3.3 Ablation Study
To better understand the effectiveness of each component in PAAC, we conduct ablation studies on three datasets. Table 2 presents a
comparison between PAAC and its variants on recommendation performance.