which capture red-green-blue (RGB) and depth data 2-3 hours daily (during daylight hours at times when participants were at home).
The videos were then manually annotated to the nearest millisecond to provide localization labels. Multiple human labelers used
software called ELAN to watch up to 4 simultaneously-captured video files at a time. The resulting labeled data recorded the kitchen,
hallway, dining room, living room, stairs, and porch. The duration of labeled data recorded by the cameras for PD and HC is 72.84
and 75.31 hours, respectively, which provides a relatively balanced label set for our room-level classification. Finally, to evaluate
applicability.
•Complex backgrounds and objects: The method has not been tested in environments with
complex backgrounds or highly intricate food objects.
•Capturing complexities: The method has not been evaluated under different capturing
complexities, such as varying distances and camera speeds.
•Pipeline complexity: For one-shot neural rendering, the team currently uses One-2-3-45.
They aim to use only the 2D diffusion model, Zero123, to reduce complexity and improve
efficiency.
6
Table 3: Quantitative Comparison with Ground Truth Using Chamfer Distance
L Id Team’s V ol. GT V ol. Ch. w/ t.m Ch. w/o t.m
1 40.06 38.provided by a single expert. A classic example of this concept is the observation that the median
estimate of an ox’s weight from a large group of fair attendees was remarkably close to the actual
weight. While generally supported, the idea is not without its limitations. Historical examples
demonstrate instances where crowds behaved irrationally, and even a world chess champion was able
to defeat the combined moves of a crowd.
In the current era, the advantages of collective intelligence are widely utilized. For example, Wikipedia
relies on the contributions of volunteers, and community-driven question-answering platforms have
garnered significant attention from the research community. When compiling information from
